An easy way to coat the popcorn is to put the popped corn in a paper grocery bag and pour the caramel mixture over it and stir with a wooden spoon, then dump the mixture out onto your baking pan and throw the paper bag away.  I agree with another reviewer that 200 degrees is the right oven temp.  I bake it 45 minutes, stirring every 15.

I feel so badly reviewing this recipe with 3 stars!  Mine tasted kind of burnt.  I will definately try it again and cut down the cooking significantly.  My oven only goes down to 300 so I cut down the cooking time to only 25 minutes and stirred it often...still tasted burned.  I would NOT use margarine either...ICK!  I will for sure try it again though.  Thanks!

Update-I made this again with perfection.  I'll share my tips to perfect caramel corn!  It is a 10-star with my changes.  Maybe the first recipe was fine, but it just didn't work for me.  I used 2 bags of microwave popcorn (it was buttered) and picked out the popped corn.  I made the caramel exactly like the recipe except using real butter.  I greased two large baking sheets and set those aside.  I used a large paper grocery bag, sprayed the inside with Pam and dumped the popcorn in.  Then when the caramel was done i poured it into the bag, stirred and then shook the bag.  I dumped the coated corn out onto the prepared sheets.  The corn was totally covered!  I cooked it at 300 for about 19 minutes stirring every 5 minutes.  I used a large spatual to stir the corn as to get all the caramel off the bottom of the pan.  I think followed the directions for cooling the corn.  Perfection!!!!  I hope my tips help.

I have made this numerous times. I made it for my daughters wedding. I’ve been told is the best Carmel corn anyone has ever had .

I baked at 200 for 45 minutes stirring every 15. Mine cooled and seemed to become less crisp just before I bagged it. Would baking that additional 15 minutes eliminate this problem?

Tastes pretty delicious! My family likes it.  The coverage wasn't as expected and you have to move pretty quickly when pouring the caramel on the popcorn which was my oversight. Next batch will be better!

I've been making this recipe for at least 15 years now and it ALWAYS turns out perfectly! The only change I make is substituting butter for the margarine.

Delicious! However, I followed other reviewers advice and cut down on the amount of popcorn to about 3/4 of what the recipe says. I cooked it at 200 for 40 minutes and its perfect.

We LOVE this caramel corn - we make it in the fall, I've even shipped it to our kids at college. And this year I'm making it as part of Xmas gifts. Easy and DELICIOUS!

This is year 5 or 6 making this popcorn.  Hands down - The Best Recipe.  I dont use margarine.  Butter only.  Also the temperature is critical.  When sugar melts / breaksdown the temperature you ultimately reach determines the type of caramel you end up with (soft ball stage vs hard crack)  I dont recommend playing around with temperature. If anything have your oven temperature calibrated. (Yes.  That's a thing)

Just like my grandmothers she made every year at the holidays! Brought back great memories.

Baked it at 200. Turned out great!

