I've made this over and over and it never fails to get compliments. I make no changes. TIP: I made this today into a pumpkin loaf. I used mashed pumpkin in place of the banana and added cinnamon, allspice, nutmeg and ginger. Turned out beautifully. It'll make a nice Christmas loaf for friends.

I made muffins instead of loaves, used paper baking cups to prevent them from touching the metal pan and baked them between 25-30 mins, yielded 2.5 dozen! they were very moist - perhaps too moist, but they were technically done, but next time I may bake for a few mins longer.

In my opinion these needed more banana flavor (i used 4 overripe bananas), and some spice to the batter. next time i will alter the recipe to better suit my tastes. they just tasted like semi-plain sweet muffins with only a hint of banana. on some of them i made a crumb topping (from another recipe on this site, Banana Crumb Muffins). I liked them with the crumb topping and they gave them a pretty look. Hubby took them to work this morning and they went over so-so (by comparison, I made regular cinnamon friendship bread for them and I heard raves all day long) I probably will make these again but tweak the recipe alot.
I will say that I really liked this recipe because it used 2 cups of Friendship Bread starter - not only did it make the muffins puff up alot and look really cute, but it got rid of 2 bags of starter so i didnt have to find as many "friends"

Yum! I used margarine in place of the lard, but would have used butter instead if I wasn’t out of it. I added two capfuls of banana oil, 2 tsp of homemade vanilla, as well 1/2 c. mini semi sweet chips, too. Really tasty toasted with whipped cream cheese up top, and generally nutritious, too. Great use of starter!

Turned out very moist. Added milk chocolate chips for personal preference.  The bananas have to be ripe to get the depth in flavor.  Kept a loaf  and gifted the other to a neighbor.

These turned out so yummy! It's my first try cooking with my friendship bread starter. I had some bananas to use so I found this recipe. I just sampled my first batch of muffins. Delish! I have a loaf in now. I did increase the salt to 3/4 and it's great.

Awesome with my starter and pecans.

Love this banana bread and make it all the time!

This turned out amazing but I did have a few modifications!  I used salted butter instead of shortening and added a 1/2 tsp cinnamon.  I also omitted the milk on accident but the recipe turned out fine.  I baked for about 1 hour and 5 minutes with my convection oven.  This is maybe the best banana bread I've ever made!!

I'm going to make this again today with a couple of changes-adding vanilla and cinnamon-maybe chocolate chips also. I also used buttermilk the first bake will do it again.

Tried this and loved it . Put pecans instead of walnuts  . Couldn't get it to cool down fast enough for my wonderful family to eat it .

Great- but made a substitution.
I thought this recipe was wonderful. I read that some people felt that the banana flavor wasn't as much as they would have liked, so I added another half of banana and added half a package of vanilla instant pudding. I also subbed 1/4 of the shortening for 1/4C of butter. Lastly I sprinkled some sugar on top. It came out REALLY good. I think this will be my new go to recipe for banana bread.  Note I also needed to cook it an extra 10 minutes and could have probably cooked it another 5-10 minutes, but it was still reall good and cooked through.

