THIS IS THE RECIPE/NOTES THAT I GOT WITH THE BREAD THAT WAS PASSED TO ME AND IT'S QUITE DIFFERENT SO I'M CURIOUS HOW MUCH IT MATTERS???
Please note the following:
Do not use any type of metal spoon or bowl.
Do not refrigerate.
If air gets into the bag, let it out.
It is normal for the batter to rise and ferment.

 Day 1: Do nothing, this is the day you receive the batter. The bag is dated.
 Day 2: Mash the bag
 Day 3: Mash the bag
 Day 4: Mash the bag
 Day 5: Mash the bag
 Day 6: Add to the bag :1 C. flour  1 C. sugar and 1 C. cold milk.  Mash the bag.
 Day 7: Mash the bag
 Day 8: Mash the bag
 Day 9: Mash the bag
 Day 10: Follow the directions below:
 
 1. Pour the entire contents of the bag into a Non Metal Bowl.
 2. Add 1 1/2 C. flour, 1 1/2 C. of sugar, 1 1/2 C. of milk
 3. Measure out 4 separate batters (1 cup each) into 4 Ziplock (1 gallon bags). 
 Keep a starter bag for yourself and give 3 to friends with a copy of the recipe.
 Note: If you keep a starter for yourself you will be baking every 10 days.

Baking Instructions:
 1. Preheat the oven to 325 degrees.
 2. To the remaining batter in the bowl add:
  
 3 eggs
 1 cup of oil
 1/2 cup of milk
 1 cup of sugar
 2 tsp. of cinnamon
 1/2 tsp. of vanilla
 1 1/2 tsp. of baking powder
 1/2 tsp. of baking soda
 1/2 tsp. of salt
 2 cups of flour
 2 small boxes of pudding
 (optional) 1 cup of chopped nuts, raisins, dried fruit or chocolate chips

 3. Grease 2 large loaf pans(may need 3 medium sized loaf pans)
 4. Mix into separ

I was given this starter to do and the 1st day to add flour, milk, sugar I accidently put an egg in the milk. Will that hurt the recipe? Help !I dont know why I thought I read to put an egg .

I loved the straight foreward instructions and the easy to remember the division  of the ingredients. BTW makes for some delicious decadent products. 😊

I have been making them as muffin crowns. For years,  but I don’t bake every 10 days. You can place the starter in an air tight container in the refrigerator up to a month. Take it out the night before you need to feed it, to allow it to get to room temperature.  I add pecans, almonds and more cinnamon, which is my favor spice.  When I place the batter into the shallow muffin cups — sprinkle chopped almond slivers and cinnamon sugar, then bake. They are a very huge hit, but I also mill my own grain with the Ezekiel mixture.  This make this muffin crown to be one of the most healthiest things you eat that day.

It is delicious.  I passed recipe along with a loaf of it to friends   they loved it too. ty.   first loaf for family was gone in half hr :)

I am concerned that this recipe requires milk. My starter is sourdough starter made originally in my bread crock with just flour and water.  The key is using whole wheat or rye to begin, ratio 2 flour to 1 water then the directions for feeding are the same. And use unbleached flour. Mine is plenty sour and I didn’t use milk or yeast (plenty of natural yeast in the crock and the air).

I have the Friendship bread recipe but was lacking the starter recipe. I am so grateful you posted this. I am freezing 3 bags(cups) and keeping one out to mash and begin the 10 day process for my own recipe. Again, thank you!!

Just as I remembered from about 15 years ago. Perfect recipe!

I will make it again. I like it as a sweet bread that can be altered.

This is fun to do with your kids.

There are so many recipe options when I bake the bread. My husband loves it!

