Excellent recipe!  As a child growing up, my mom made pickled eggs and beets each year as part of our Easter tradition.  I always looked forward to them, and I wanted to find a recipe that matched the way I remember them tasting.  This one did the trick!  I have a large glass gallon pickle jar that I wanted to fill, so I actually used 20 hard-boiled eggs, and I quadrupled (yes, four times as much) the rest of the ingredients.  I used 4 cans of regular (not pickled) whole beets, which gave me 4 cups of juice.  To the juice I added 4 cups of sugar, 3 cups of vinegar, 2 tsps. salt, 1 tsp. pepper, 8 bay leaves, and 48 whole cloves (they're small!).  (As for the onion, I used one extra-large onion, cut it in half, and sliced it into thin half-rings.)  It sounds like a lot, but it made just enough liquid to pour over the eggs, onions and beets in the jar, with just a little left over.  I made two layers each of the three items in the jar--first beets, then onions, then eggs.  I recommend allowing them to refrigerate at least 3 to 4 days.  I made them on Saturday afternoon (3/15), and this morning, Wednesday (3/19), they finally taste like they've developed the full pickled flavor.  Yummy!  Thanks, Cindy, for helping me to recall some fond childhood memories.

Was ok but I still prefer using jars of pickled beets, the store brand is usually best but pick whichever looks more deep purple.  For 6-7 eggs I simmer only 1/4 cup sugar and 1/4 cup cider vinegar with the juice from 1 16oz jar of pickled beets and it tastes exactly like the ones my Pennsylvania Dutch Grandma made and is much easier.  Don't forget to stir or shake once or twice a day for even color.  48 hrs is a minimum, will usually take four days to be colored through.

I had never had these before but I was intrigued.  I love beets and all things pickled. Plus, the eggs turn out a beautiful color.  Not a huge fan of cloves but it works in this recipe, although I did halve the quantity. Onion were great--mine were thin slices, not chopped. Also, boiled my own beets.  I just finished my second time around with this recipe--I added chili flakes and a couple cloves of garlic (sorry to all the traditionalists and the Dutch grandmas who might cringe). The brine turned out yummy. Can't wait to try them in a few days.

Not a big cloves fan so I left it out  awesome eggs! This is my go to, and it is my granddaughter's favorite

Pickled red beets and eggs are my favorite. My nana always made them for me as a child.

The same recipe I use for 16 eggs.  Sometimes I may add 3 cans of beets depends on egg size.  I am PA Dutch and my dad is 88 yrs old... we say that onions are a must

Eggs have a good taste but I added less sugar the 2nd time around.  And instead of letting eggs sit 15 min in boiled water I boiled mine 7 min and cooled completely b4 peeling . Peeling the shell off was easier .

My Pennsylvania Dutch grandparents who spoke Pa Dutch as well, made this with out the onions and used cans of Pickled beets. I've eaten plenty of red beet eggs and no one I know puts onions in the recipe. But if you like onions go for it. It's not traditional.

I left out the beets. The onions really are not necessary but OK.For best results let eggs soak for at least one week.

I've used this recipe for years. Best ever!

easy, and delicious

