As written, this dish is dry; but I've made a few adjustments that make it much better.  First, add some salt and pepper to the hamburger when cooking.  One can of tomatoes is hardly worth the effort - increase it to two.  I mix about 1 cup of light sour cream and about 1/4 cup of milk in with the soup.  Don't layer with the cheese.  Cover with aluminum foil and bake about 45 minutes.  Then, top with shredded cheese (I'm not sure what the point of a 1/4 cup of cheese is....increase it to your liking), remove foil and cook ~10 more minutes.

This is very bland. Needs more spices and definitely more cheese. Also, the proportions aren't right: too many noodles for the amount of other ingredients.

We loved this. I wasn’t trying to use every pan in the house so made in skillet. After browning ground beef and cooked onion and celery, I added the uncooked macaroni and some beef broth. Covered pan and simmered for about 5 minutes. Then added the 2 cans chopped stewed tomatoes (as others suggested). Stirred in soup. Simmered another few minutes to finish cooking macaroni. I also added a little seasoned salt and pepper when browning meat. So good!

Good but needs a little more seasoning. Salt and pepper would help. I subbed green peppers for the celery and cut back to 8oz of pasta.

Loved it!!!

I used Italian sausage (out of gr.beef) also added can mushrooms, 1 can Rotel and 1 can diced tomatoes.  Added shredded cheddar cheese, Italian seasoning and red pepper flakes.  I cooked the pasta separately and added later.Very good recipe.

I loved it, but add more cheese

My family and I all love this recipe. Its soo good with homemade bread. I make it as written and never have any complaints.

I added  a 1/2 tsp of black pepper and1 cup of onions.  Big hit!

Very good! Whole family ate it.
I made some changes used mild salsa in place of the tomatoes (i didnt have any)  it gave it some flavor. Also used one can of cream a chicken and a can of cream of mushroom. didnt dry out at all.
Will make again.

The first time I made it, I followed the recipe as written. It was awful. Very dry and yucky. The second time I made it, I only used 8 oz of elbow macaroni, added half can of water to the soup and liberally sprinkled Montreal Steak Seasoning. Instead of layering, I mixed it all together before baking. What a transformation this recipe made! It is delicious with these modifications. The cream of chicken soup/stewed tomatoes mixture is delicious.

