The first time I made this recipe, I thought it was okay but not one that I would make again.  However, it was one that seemed so promising, I decided to tinker with it to make it "mine."  First of all, I added a can of diced tomatoes, drained, with diced green peppers and onions, and some grated carrot to the tomato soup and cooked it all with the hamburg.  (This will make a lot, so I use the extra to make Spanish rice later on in the week....) I don't care for sliced American cheese particularly, so I used shredded cheddar.  I think there is way too much sugar, so I cut that back to a couple of teaspoons (the carrot is a natural sweetner, anyway, so less sugar can be used).  When I mixed the cream of chicken soup with the noddles, I also added additional shredded cheddar cheese and sour cream.  Voila!  We love, love, love this recipe, and it gets served frequently. Wonderful comfort food! Great reheated, too.

I wasn't too impressed with this.  I followed the recipe exactly and it was dry.  The flavor would have been better if it was moister.  Can't think of any way to improve it, maybe add more soup?

Turned out tasty

I didn’t drain the beef but added corn,onions stirred in tomato soup and let it sit and cool while boiling the egg noodles. After draining added cream of chicken soup and tossed to coat the noodles and added the meat mixture and then tossed to combine then added mushrooms and sour cream and stirred them in and let cool then put half of the mixture in a greased 2-1/2 casserole dish and topped with shredded cheese and repeat.

This is called Yum a setta by the Amish folks. It is a wonderful comfort food. I think the brown sugar mixed with the ground beef is the key. This is so addicting. Makes a wonderful dinner.

I might try a different recipe. I used to make something called Yumasetta and this was a tad different than I remembered. My husband liked it, though.

We add a bag of frozen sweet corn to the noodles prior to layering the caserole and one drained can of rotell (tomato and green chili) to the hamburger. also we add some shredded chedder over the noodles under the cheese slices. I wouldnt eat this recipe any other way again. I cook this at least twice a month.

I added sour cream to the noodle mixture, it seemed like it cold have been a little dry. I also added cheddar cheese between the layers. I topped this with panko and more cheese and added it to a buttered pan. It was a great week night meal.

I think you either love this casserole or hate it.  Sorry, but I'm in the "hater" group.  I have to agree with those who feel the meat mixture is too sweet with the brown sugar.  My husband even commented on it...and not in a good way!  I was so hoping this was going to be a hit and well, it wasn't in our house.

This was good.  I debated whether to give 3 or 4 stars.  I ended up giving 4 because the grandkids loved it.   Very simple for everyday cooking.  Plus it was fun to assemble with the grandkids.  I thought it needed more hamburger to balance hamburger to noodle ratio.

This is one of those simple, but good casseroles that we wouldn't eat too often, due to the type of cheese and high in carbs, but it is sure tasty.   I used ground turkey in place of the beef.   

I had some fresh spinach, so I also added that to the meat mix.

Family likes it, so it will be a keeper to make again.

Thanks for sharing.

