My Grandma used to make this for over family and it is soooo good! I modified the recipe by using boneless skinless chicken breasts and adding a little wyler's chicken boullion for extra flavor.

I tried this recipe for me and my husband and we didn't like the taste of everything mixed together. Overall not very good, wouldn't make it again.

I added some diced carrots, celery and onion, as well as garlic and onion powder. Towards the end I added 1 can of cream of chicken soup. It was FANTASTIC! Everyone loved it and we have plenty for another meal. Will definitely be making in the future.

Made this tonight. I couldn’t find any 2-pound chickens so I used 2 pounds of chicken thighs which worked fine. I mistakenly used Yukon Gold potatoes instead of Russets but they were delicious even though they didn’t break down. My company said it was quite the yum and I agree.

I used all of the ingredients in the recipe, I just cooked it a little differently. After the chicken was done I allowed the broth to cool as I wanted to remove the layer of fat.  I found that the soup lacked flavour and would benefit from onion, parsley and celery.

This recipe turned out really great! My husband is from Lancaster PA, so he knows what traditional pot pie tastes like and he loved it! I used the square noodles as well.

I grew up eating this dish. My husband calls it "chicken soup" but we call it chicken pot pie.  The pot pie comes from bot boi which is  the type of PA Dutch noodles you should use for this recipe.  The type of noodles you use can make or break this recipe.  The large square eggs noodles are best.  They don't gloop up.  

I've added onion and garlic seasonings to this, as well as use a few beef broth cubes. 

As good as it tastes the first night it's even better the next day because the noodles and potatoes really absorb the juices!!  Delicious!

this was a simple wholesome meal very filling. gave it four stars but only because the noodles that i used went a bit gloopy!!!

This is the same recipe my grandmother has been making for years. I think it is a south central PA staple! I'm partial to it left over when it can thicken up a bit.  My M-I-L uses one can of cream of chicken soup instead of the broth and adds it to the chicken broth already in the pot..  This gives it a thick, "already left over" texture that I prefer.

I tried this recipe for me and my husband and we didn't like the taste of everything mixed together. Overall not very good, wouldn't make it again.

My husband is a very picky eater and he really likes this soup.

