My boss gave me a list of his variations.  In each one, he adds a box of pudding mix (whatever flavor you choose).  It makes the bread very moist, and it stays moist for days.  Our favorites include:  add 1 cup of craisins (dried cranberries), 1 cup of walnuts, and 1 box of vanilla pudding.  Another includes:  1 smashed banana, 1 cup of walnuts, and 1 box of banana cream pudding.  Yet another is 1 cup white chocolate chips, 1 cup macadamia nuts (chopped), and 1 box of white chocolate pudding.  YUM!!! These are always big hits, and are great for the holidays!  I'll warn you though, you may think you've done something wrong when you mix these in on day 10, because the batter is more the consistancy of cake batter than of bread dough, but it's OK, it bakes up just like bread.

I have been making amish bread for years. I tried this recipe and it turned out terrible. First of all it calls for twice as much flour as my old recipe and 1 less egg. I guess with 2 cups of flour instead of 1 it made this so heavy. I promise if you will change this recipe to 1 cup self rising flour, add 1 more egg, 1/3 cup more oil and increase cinnamon and vanilla to 2 tsp., also add 1 small box of vanilla pudding - you will get rave reviews. I will add my recipe to this catagory for all to try.

I used 1.5 cups of starter instead of 1 cup. It was much more moist this way. And I would agree with other reviews, add a pudding powder mix for a really rich, moist bread.

This came out great!   I added a touch more cinnamon and vanilla. It was delicious and I have 4 starters left!!

It was a little dry - I did not make any modifications, but will review other comments to see what I could have done differently!

The recipe is good, mine did cook more quickly than the time suggested, even taking it out of the oven about 5 minutes early it was still a little too done.  I will make this again (in 10 days!) and cut back on the time a bit more.

I made muffins.  Yielded 12 large.  I filled the muffin cup and on top I put a cinnamon sugar sprinkle then topped with a tablespoon of mix.  They were good. Next time I’ll try fruit.

Taste great. Easy recipe

Haven't made this in years but found this recipe which,  was very close to how I made it years ago.  The bread came out exactly how it's meant to and is fantastic! The starter I made to begin the process was very active so I ended up with a new starter, 2 bags to give away plus another batch to store for a few days to bake again while I wait for the next round.  This is a perfect recipe and highly recommend it to anyone that loves fresh homemade bread!

Left out the starter and drizzled the top with vanilla icing glaze at my kiddos requests. The house smelled wonderful and not a crumb was left! It was a unanimous 2 thumbs up from everyone!

My family can't stop eating it.   I did have to make a few changes.  Not sure if it was my oven, altitude or something else, but I decreased the oven to 325 and baked it for 40 minutes.

