I decided to try this because my husband is "Pennsylvania Dutch" and thought he might like to try it.  I LOVED IT, he HATED it and refused to eat it.  I made it as a "side" dish" and I ended up giving HIM the rest of my dinner and I ate his serving of the pie, along with my childrens servings!  

I still can't figure out WHY everyone at the table balked at it!!  I found it fantastic and actually had to FORCE myself to quit eating it because it just tasted so darn good!

Next time I make this (and I guess I would be making it for myself only) I plan on adding the chicken and just having that as a meal!

I gave this a five star rating, but I think this is one of those recipes that people will either LOVE... or HATE.

The Amish sure know how to cook.

It was rather flavorless. Even with a lot of pepper and added shredded chicken, it was rather bland and boring.

True PA Corn pie is only made with fresh corn off the cob.   Then cooked in milk and butter.   Strain and separate the cooked corn and milk .Put the corn  and as many hard boiled eggs you want only in the pie crust.    When serving pour the corn milk over the pie of pie.

So easy to make and is truly a comfort food to my family. Made it with meatloaf and they loved it!

This is a summer staple in our house, Lancaster, PA! I add some shredded chicken to make it a complete meal. Forgot to take a picture of the whole pie because our mouths were watering and we wanted to dig in!

Great Pie from Back Home, I grew up in Lancaster Pa, and Moved to Mebane NC. This was such a GREAT Reminder of PA Home Cooking, Thanks

I made this slightly differently by making a special meal sauce instead of adding the butter and milk separately. This allowed the corn pie to really stick a little bit better and not fall apart.  Also needed to cook it at 350 for 50 mins????

I made this recipe as is and it turned out great, don’t forget to make extra filling to put on top of pie for serving, it tends to be a little dry after baking.

This recipe is excellent! I've made it a few times but tonight I added some leftover ham. Delicious!!

I made this for my nephew’s birthday - he’s from PA & had grandparents from Lancaster County & grew up eating his grandmother’s Pennsylvania Dutch dishes. This was one of his favorites dishes, so I decided to give it a try.  He said it was just like he remembers, so I’m calling it a success!  So happy I found this recipe!  Thank you!

