Both my husband and I liked this pie very much. It's easy to make and uses ingedients that I had in the house. I did add 1/2 teaspoon of pumpkin spice for extra flavouring.

a. This recipe made too much for a 9", deep dish crust. Just keep that in mind so you don't dump it all in at once and have it overflow!

b. The 375 oven I think is too hot. It browned far too quickly without setting the custard.

c. For more flavor, try adding some extra ground clove, ginger, and/or allspice

I was looking for a recipe to make without a crust and this was perfect.  A nice, soft, sweet custard with pumpkin and spice,  and not heavy like ordinary pumpkin filling.  Made exactly as written, with homemade pumpkin puree.I put it in five custard dishes and baked it in a water-bath and it's exactly what I wanted.  It's been added to my favorite recipes, thank you

It was easy to make. Took advice from others and double the recipe to make 3 pies using pumpkin pie spice too. Would have liked to have more of the custard taste but came out more like a pumpkin pie. Baked at 400 degrees for 15 minutes then 350 degrees for additional 15 -20 minutes or until inserted knife comes out clean.

I nice compromise between pumpkin pie and custard pie, that even my non-pumpkin pie eating dinner guests enjoyed. I’ll make this again,and the only thing I might change is to add some vanilla to the filling.  I loved how easy it was to make, but the filling was way more than a regular 9” shell could hold. I used a 10” pie plate and fluted the pastry up around the edges, and it was a nicely full pie.

I used a 10" deep dish pie pan - added an extra egg - 1/2 cup of milk. plus  1/2 cup additional pumpkin.  It was very good.

My husband is a very picky person...he loves this recipe.  I use evaporated milk and a convection oven.  Regular ovens...you may need to loosely cover the top to keep it from browning too quickly.  I make this every year for the holidays and whenever pumpkin is calling my name!!

I wanted to make crust free custards for Thanksgiving and decided to give this recipe a try.  After reading other  reviews I decided to make some changes.  I added 1 tsp. of pumpkin pie spice and increased the flour to 2 tbls.  I used the recipe to fill 8 custard cups and cooked them in a water bath at 375 for 40 mins.  YUMMY!!  This will be my new staple for Thanksgiving.  Full of flavor and nice eggy custard taste.

I used mini graham cracker shells.  First time I did 350 for 20-25 min nd seasoned wth fall spices (cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, cloves) to taste. I baked a fresh pumpkin and mixed with an immersion blender.  Since baking the pumpkin Carmelites it I omitted the brown sugar on the second run.  Turned out great! I even forgot about the flour the second run and no problems for any gluten people..  Actually more custard like without the flour. Point being, great versatile pumpkin custard base that gives you that creamy sweet pumpkin filling.  Easy to make it with your own flare... I top it with a little brown sugar burbon whip cream (1/2c whipping cream, 2 tbsp brown sugar 1-2 tsp honey whiskey and a dash of cinnamon)

Going to make again this year...brought down the house last Thanksgiving!

I made this without the crust as I tend to eat mostly gluten-free. I baked it in a casserole dish. It tastes delicious, a light custard flavour, rich in pumpkin pie taste(I used half and half not milk; 1/2 cup sugar total and added some cardamom as well. 
mmmm :-D

