This is an awesome recipe. In my family we do not care for pickle relish. So...I tried chopped up black olives. AMAZING. Curry and black olives go great together. Thanks for the recipe.

The sweet pickle relish seemed at odds with the curry.  Maybe using chopped black olives instead of the pickle relish (as a previous reviewer suggested) would be better.

Maybe I didn't add enough curry  powder, but this really didn't taste any different from my regular deviled egg recipe. Probably will not make again.

This recipe was amazing!

I have always made just the traditional deviled eggs with mayo, mustard, and paprika so I wanted to try something different for a change. The additions of the curry, parsley, and black pepper were really good. I’m not digging the sweet relish so much. I think I will forego the relish next time. The stone ground mustard adds enough tang for me. I think the relish is a bit to much for the delicate flavor or the yolk especially since I use high quality free range organic eggs, which is really important to me, and makes this dish super delish.

I enjoyed the curried flavor with these eggs. I didn't have parsley so I left that part off and they were still very flavorful.

I made these as a Thanksgiving dinner appetizer and they were gone in an instant; I had to make more immediately!   I've never cared for deviled eggs, but the addition of curry transforms these eggs into supreme deliciousness.  I'm making a batch for my lunches right now.

They are GOOD!

I have made these several times for brunch get togethers and people just love them.  In fact, my grown children always request them when they come to visit. The perfect blend of flavors and a light touch of curry makes these taste  delicious and more interesting than regular deviled eggs.  This is one of my favorites. Thank you for a wonderful recipe!

Very good!  I did make some modifications though.  I omitted the sweet pickle relish because we do not like it and omitted the parsley because I didn't have any.  I added 1/2 t of dill pickle juice.  I decreased the mustard to 1 t.  Otherwise I made it as written.  Thank you for the recipe.

Sorry my first review and accidentally pressed send. I make as written and they are the bomb! When I bring them to a party, I will make a dozen eggs. Half I don’t add the curry and I label a batch with paprika. Both sets get gobbled up in no time. Thanks for an awesome recipe :))

