This is to answer the earlier reviewer who asked, "Why drain the cottage cheese?"  You're not so much draining the milk off of the cottage cheese as just excess water/whey mixed with a little milk.

good, not too sweet tasting

Ok... I love this pie! One thing I would recommend is to blend all of the ingredients with the cottage cheese EXCEPT the milk FIRST... to really get the cottage cheese smooth... then added the milk after that. My finished pie had a few obvious cottage cheese lumps. Not a big deal for me but YMMV.I also opted to create a blueberry sauce to top it with. Not that it was needed, but I wanted a little wow factor.The only substitution I made was half n half because I was out of milk and the cottage cheese I had on hand was fat free. So... I figured it would be fine and it truly was delish! :)

Very good will make again.

Great recipe. I was in a hurry so I have an answer to the question, can this pie be made w/o draining the cottage cheese for an hour?........ YES! I had a 24 oz container of cottage cheese that was close to the expiration date so I used it all, w/o draining it, 4 eggs separated, decreased the milk to 1c, used 3T. cornstarch instead of flour to keep it gluten free, and 1/2 fresh lemon instead of 1t. I'm guessing my version comes out quite like the original and they are both good. Quick, easy, light dessert........I recommend giving it a try.

So each time I made this it was  delicious...however......the center of the pie never set. I even used farmers cheese for a more dry cheese.  After baking even beyond the recipe time, the center was still runny. Anyone else?  Suggestions? I’m thinking of a 7 inch  spring form pan?

Great pies! I thought I botched this as the batter is very liquid and needs to be poured carefully into their shells, but I crossed my fingers and they turned out great. Do let them rest until completely cooled. "Mix well" means mix in a mixer or hand blender. I used pastry crust but think this would be better in a Graham cracker crust.

I love this recipe. Yes, you do have to drain the cottage cheese. Or better yet if you can find "dry curd cottage cheese" You don't have to drain. I use to be able to get the dry curd in a bag , next to the other cottage cheeses but haven't found dry curd for many years.

good, not too sweet tasting

excellent custard pie.  Thanks for sharing!

My family liked this.  I don't think I would probably make it for guests (unless they requested it) but it was really good.  I didn't have evaporated milk so I omitted the sugar in the recipe and just used sweetened condensed milk and it turned out great!.  We served with ice cream.

