I made this as muffins with chocolate chips, and they were fantastic!  One bag of chocolate chips, an extra tablespoon of cocoa powder, subsituted applesauce for oil, and baked for about 25 minutes.  Great!

I had a very weird experience with this chocolate bread, and I am wondering if this has happened to anyone else.  When done, I cut a slice of the bread and the top 1/3 was chocolate colored (like a brownie) and the bottom 2/3 was GREEN.  It was the exact tone of green as a Florist's styrofoam block that they stick flowers into.  Needless to say, it was not appealing.  Also, the texture of the top was cakelike, but the bottom was overly moist (almost mushy).  Maybe I didn't bake it long enough.  I am thinking that it was from the coloring in the Chocolate Pudding I used.  I threw it away as it was too scary looking to eat. I did try a taste and it seemed okay.  Curious to see if this has happened to anyone else?

I made this as muffins, and this made 24 regular muffins and 25 mini muffins. I added chocolate chips, a package of instant coffee and a couple of big spoonfuls of sour cream. the big muffins took about 20 minutes in the oven and the minis took about 15 minutes. turned out

Awesome bread! I also added 1 tsp cocoa powder and half bag a milk chocolate chips.

Delicious! I spread peanut butter on each slice for an even more delicious snack!

Definitely be sure to add 1 Tbsp cocoa powder to keep  your bread from having a greenish color in the middle. I also added about 1 Cup mini chocolate chips.

I use a pkg of chocolate & a pkg of chocolate fudge pudding mix.  I also add about 3/4 cup of mini semi-sweet chocolate chips.  I haven't had any complaints from my taste testers!  They are very moist & delicious.  I bake at 325 F for about 35 minutes.

This was pretty good. Added mini chocolate chips. Half the oil can easily be replaced with applesauce to cut calories and fat. Freezes well, too.

Great recipe!  I made this in a bundt pan as other reviewers have mentioned.  It was fantastic, almost like a cake!  I didn't have enough vegetable oil, so I used 3/4 c vegetable and 1/4 c extra virgin olive oil.  It was very moist and dense.  I also just used 1 large box of chocolate fudge pudding instead of 2 smaller ones.  I will definitely be making this again.

this is a great recipe I made just like you wrote and it turned out perfect---thanks---I bake every Sunday for my Sunday School ,all adults,and every body said I did good ---I took all the credit--Not true I told them where I got the recipe--keep up the good works

This is one of my favorite things to make! My children also LOVE to help, which can be a bit stressful. I have successfully made this recipe in the worlds most finicky oven. If your bread didn't turn out, check the ingredients list and give it one more try.
I have had it turn green, just once. The only difference was using shortening and flour to grease the pan. All the other times I used cooking spray with flour. 
I'm about ready to make some as my birthday cake. I bake it in the 9" rounds, fill it with dark chocolate ganache, ice it with chocolate silk frosting, and give it a drizzle with the rest of the ganache. It will be my birthday cake from now on.

