I added caraway seed and I browned the pork before adding to crock pot.  The house smelled great when we got home.  Excellent winter meal.  I served it with mashed garlic potatoes and applesauce as suggested, but also served peas and carrots on the side for color.

I was disappointed with the results. I found that doing away with the beer and adding a touch of brown sugar improved the flavor.  I won't be using this receipe again. Sorry.

We entertained friends from Minnesota and I fixed this meal for dinner.  I was delicious and my guests had second helpings and raved about the delicious taste.  We had mashed potato's and Applesauce to complete the meal.  I will fix it again.

This turned out wonderfully! I substituted apple butter for the apple, as someone had suggested. I used a gluten free sorghum beer and a friend contributed homemade sauerkraut.  We both loved it!  Served it with homemade gluten free bread with butter. A side really seemed unnecessary for this filling meal.

You have to brown all sides of the pork roast in a separate pan before you place in the sauerkraut or it will fall apart cooking with the sauerkraut. Also if you add hot dogs you MUST wait till the temp of the pork reaches 180 degrees or you will cross contaminate the hot dogs!

I also added caraway seed like some recipes suggested. I completed the recipe pretty much as written otherwise (fresh onion for onion salt was one other substitution). I also browned the meat before throwing it all up in the crockpot, which helped both flavor and texture.

I would smush this into my mouth again.

Very good. Used a dark lager which added to the seasoning. My family really liked this,even my youngest who is not fond of sauerkraut.

I made it with no beer and  it didn't lack for liquid.  I dusted the pork cubes with AP flour and browned in olive oil. I used two whole  skin on chopped granny smith apples and two sweet onions, which I sauteed in the same olive oil along with the garlic and dill weed. I added table salt in place of onion salt. and a bout 1/4 of brown sugar. We will have this again, and I will change it to fit what is in the house. Very versitile.

First off, I doubled this recipe and instead of using an apple, I used 2 cups of homemade apple butter and added Kielbasa. It was a hit for the New Year and was full of flavor! My family loved it and it was so easy to make!

Will make again next New Year's!

Very smooth flavor.  I don't like my sauerkraut too sweet or too sour.  We also like to add bisquick dumplings on the top.

Everyone else liked this better than I did, the sauerkraut was very mild. I, on the other hand, like my sauerkraut with more of a bite. Hence the four stars.

