Made this recipe as the Recipe Group Selection.  We are not fans of salisbury steak and basically, that is what this recipe is.  I followed most of the directions. Even though the directions did not require this step, I lined my loaf pan with foil and allowed the edges to overhang.  The amount of milk is not given but I used about 1/3 cup. I used ground chuck and after mixing, I placed the beef mixture into the refrigerator and allowed to sit about 7 hours.  I removed from the refrigerator and lifted the meat out and sliced.  After browning the slices on both sides for about 3 minutes, I placed the meat slices in a 9 x 13 baking dish and poured the soup with extra mushrooms over the meat.  I added 1 Tablespoon of Gravy Master (to make the gravy more brown in appearance). The teaspoon of salt added to the meat is not necessary as the soup had plenty.  I baked for about 45 minutes uncovered. Husband and I both rated 3 1/2 stars but rounded to 4.  Thanks for sharing Ashli113!

Made for Recipe Group. I see that AR 'fixed' the error and now lists how much milk. I couldn't decide whether to cover this as it cooked in the oven or not and ended up not covering it. I think it would have left a little more 'gravy' from the soup if I had. I liked the flavor, hubby (surprisingly!)did not. Seems like an awful lot of work for something this simple. I would rather have more flavor in the meat, make meatloaf burgers and fry with a little milk gravy made afterwards. Thanks for the recipe.

Simple and very yummy! I didn’t have saltines so I used panko and some extra salt. I also used roasted garlic cream of mushroom soup and sautéed some fresh mushrooms in butter, salt and garlic herb seasoning. I’ll definitely make this again!

Tasty, I'll be making again.  It was impossible to keep the individual steaks from crumbling apart, though.

Disappointed again by everyone trying to change or add to this recipe. This is an old Amish recipe. It's a little more work to cut the steaks and brown them in a skillet, then bake them, but it is so, so worth it. Please, don't try to "fix" this one.  Only put in the ingredients called for in the recipe and follow the instructions.  I would give it 10 stars if I could!!!

Absolutely delicious, but a little crumbly. I put foil over the top so the mushroom soup wouldn't bake into the pan.

Followed the directions. The meat slices fell apart when I tried to "sear" them. Meat had good flavor though. Very sad that this did not turn out well.

I made this for dinner last night. I did add lots of Lawry Black Pepper Seasoning Salt (2 teaspoons at least) & some worchestshire sauce (about a tablespoon or so) to the burger mix as we like lots of flavor. We thought it was really good. I think it would be pretty bland without any extra seasonings. If you are looking for lots of "gravy" then I would add another can of mushroom soup on top. We had baked potatoes so had no need for extra, one can of soup was perfect. Will be making this again for sure !!

Recipe Group Selection:  16, February 2013 ~ Let me start off by saying if you are a person who doesn’t like tweaked recipes – PLEASE STOP READ NOW.   I knew my guys would be all over this recipe and I knew I wouldn’t touch it.  First tweak:  I used deer meat rather than hamburger; 2nd tweak:  my saltine crackers were ‘Alabama Fire Crackers’ from AR that I needed to use up; 3rd tweak:  I subbed cream of onion soup for the mushroom soup as they don’t care for mushrooms.  I followed the rest of the instructions, made it the day ahead, browned in the skillet and then topped with soup to bake.  It didn’t say rather to cover it or not, so I didn’t.  This was served with long grain and wild rice, toss salad and bread.  The final results – my guys LOVED this recipe!  ashli113 – thanks for sharing your recipe, I know I will be making this one again for them. Hubby had to photograph this one as I left before the baking was done.  First time for him taking the picture!

Made for Recipe Group. I see that AR 'fixed' the error and now lists how much milk. I couldn't decide whether to cover this as it cooked in the oven or not and ended up not covering it. I think it would have left a little more 'gravy' from the soup if I had. I liked the flavor, hubby (surprisingly!)did not. Seems like an awful lot of work for something this simple. I would rather have more flavor in the meat, make meatloaf burgers and fry with a little milk gravy made afterwards. Thanks for the recipe.

Made for Recipe Group. I see that AR 'fixed' the error and now lists how much milk. I couldn't decide whether to cover this as it cooked in the oven or not and ended up not covering it. I think it would have left a little more 'gravy' from the soup if I had. I liked the flavor, hubby (surprisingly!)did not. Seems like an awful lot of work for something this simple. I would rather have more flavor in the meat, make meatloaf burgers and fry with a little milk gravy made afterwards. Thanks for the recipe.

