Not only is this some of the best tasting bread you'll ever have, -- but when done from a starter, it's a really fun recipe to use and to share with friends!! (Just give them one of the starters, and the printed out 10 day directions).  
   If you want to, you can use heavy duty 1 gallon ziploc bags instead of glass containers, and then your friends just squeeze the bag several times each day instead of stirring the batter in a container. 
   This is a very versatile recipe. You can change up the extra ingredients any way you want to. It's all good!!

Not that good. won't make this one again.

I have been using this recipe for years, I sub out the oil and use apple juice or sauce in equal amounts to the oil, I also add 1 tsp of salt.  I use bananas instead of apples and everyone loves it, even without the oil it's super moist.  You can add chocolate or other flavour chips.  If you don't have a starter can use instant yeast, just put in warm water with sugar and wait a few minutes for it to start frothing.  Try coating the pans after spraying with cinnamon sugar and then sprinkle on top before placing in oven, gives a nice crust.

It wasn't done in one hour.

I have made this recipe and different variations since my kids were little. It has taken over my freezer a time or two. I add a box of pudding ( doesn't matter what flavor ). The varieties are endless.

Just out of the oven we will have it later today. I put pecans in a large lost but none in the two small loaves as we have nut allergies in our family can't wait to try it!

I am definitely making this bread again!

I used a 5.1 Oz box of vanilla pudding instead of a 3 oz. box and it turned out perfect. I also added extra cinnamon since we love cinnamon. About 4 tsp. rather than 2 tsp. 
I'm glad I made these additional changes because the bread was delicious!

MAde exactly as stated but skipped the apple as my loving hunny ate it out of the fridge. This is my favorite recipe to date to use the starter.

I had a starter in the freezer that had been there over a year, (didn't even know if it would work) and couldn't find my recipe, and  I found yours. I changed it a little, from memory from the lady who had given me starter. I left the starter out overnight to get it warm. I "floured" 2 pans instead of 3 with cinnamon/sugar mixture(after spraying with vegetable oil) and topped with same, added 3 XL eggs instead of 4 eggs, added 1 cup milk (I didn't have any fruits listed on hand & my husband won't eat nuts, so I left them out),1/2 tsp salt (for leavening), 1 tsp of vanilla since my vanilla is very strong. I was worried when it looked like batter when I put it in the 2 bread pans. Baked @ 350 for 50 minutes (my oven cooks low, not your instructions problem). Well, this friendship bread turned out better than any I've ever made. The 2nd batch, I left out the cinnamon, added 3 lg very ripe bananas,and simply forgot to put the pudding in (put bananas in the food processor with the milk). It was soooo good. Thanks!

We made muffins with this recipe. Ridiculously good. Diced the apples very small. Baked 325, 20 minutes. Made 24 muffins.

wonderful recipe!  I omit the nuts and fruit and make a crumble for the top using butter and brown sugar.  LOVE!

