A little sweet, a little sour, thought they were pretty good overall.  One thing to remember is to use "pickling/canning" salt, or kosher salt.  The iodide in regular iodized table salt will ruin anything pickled.

Okay, but the garlic really seemed to conflict with the rest of the brine ingredients.  Warning: this reiew is from someone who grew up eating red beet eggs, which, though sweet like these, typically doesn't have garlic; my dislike for the garlic could just be for that reason, or maybe it really just doesn't go well with the eggs.

Great recipe, though I use half the amount of sugar, and add a few crushed cloves of garlic. My hubby and I love it this way!

6.13.22 First, my eggs never turned yellow, even though I followed the recipe, but that’s not a major issue.  What is an issue is that after being in the fridge for four days, these eggs didn't taste pickled, just waaaay too mild.  However, after two weeks, the pickling flavor kicked in; four days just isn’t enough time. Not convinced that the milder white vinegar is the right choice, but if I were to make again (doubtful), I’d use apple cider vinegar and, also, reduce the amount of sugar.  Also, the dill flavor was just lost, so either add more or just leave out.  I have several pickled egg recipes on this site that I really enjoy, and in comparison, these were a disappointment.

added some mustered powder/ extra seedsAwesome

I’m rating this a 3 star recipe because this was much saltier than I prefer.  That being said, I made this with one change (that proved to be a mistake) and used apple cider vinegar in place of white vinegar.  If I make this recipe again, I will definitely use the white vinegar as called for in the recipe, and will also cut the salt and dill by half, to suit my own tastes.

Mine did not get yellow like the picture on here. But flavor is good.

I used this recipe to try and replicate some Amish pickled eggs that I bought.  It seemed to be a close approximation, but not right on the money.  They were pretty good, though...and I'm going to try them again with more sugar and see if I like them better that way.

I've made this one several times.  They didn't go yellow the way the photo shows but they are delicious.   This time I did 18 and just increased the portions but doubled the garlic powder.  

My next attempt will have garlic cloves in it as well as some hot jalapeño peppers that are almost ripe for harvest in my garden.

I thought these were good tasting eggs. I used much less sugar than recipe calls for because I prefer a tart rather than really sweet pickled egg. Otherwise I followed the recipe exactly & was a lil disappointed that my eggs didn't turn yellow either.

This was a fantastic recipe! It was one of he best I have tried and the yellow color was a bonus!

