This is very similar to a recipe my family has been using since before I was born! Use a tsp instead of a tbsp of baking soda, omit the cream of tarter, and replace the shortening with butter, and you will have the most delicious and dreamy sugar cookie ever!

These cookies are tasty but not wonderful. I would recommend halving the recipe. It was like the never ending bowl of batter. I must have already made 60 cookies and then just dumped the remainder of the batter into a brownie pan for pan cookies. The recipe said it made 30 cookies but they must have been the size of pie plates in that case. I was also worried about how runny the batter was but it did turn out fine, the batter doesn't spread much. Good but not great in my opinion.

Very good as a sugar cookie.  I sometimes add a dollop of apricot filling on top.  Has become a family favorite.

This was a fast and easy recipe....the cookies are light and barely sweet (I may use a little more vanilla and sugar next time)
I altered my recipe and used butter and decreased the baking soda, cooked for 12 minutes. Good cookie, good for a kids recipe or beginner baker

Perfect. Light and sweet. I did decrease the buttermilk by about 1/6.

As others have said, we could tell there was something missing from this recipe because the batter was so thin, the cookies spread across the pan from edge to edge like pancakes, and broke up when trying to remove them from the pan.  They have a good flavor, they're just not a "sugar cookie".  We'd have to agree that these cookies, at the least, need more flour in the recipe.  We wondered if adding corn starch would help...

Too sweet and very cake-like. The Amish cookies I’ve tried were soft and dense.

Recipe has been in my family for over 100 years. Originally made with lard. Beware using butter-it tends to make them flatten out and not have the “cake” texture that they should have.

The real deal.  I didn’t feel like digging up my Grandma’s recipe, but this is pretty much a replica. 

My Grandmother used to make a confectioner’s sugar icing to put on top of these. She would then put on the sprinkles/sugar over that.  It adds some sweetness, but these are great already. 

These are definitely not meant to be super sweet.  Leave the cream of tartar in for the same reason that ingredient is in snickerdoodles...it just gives an extra bit of a tangy flavor that jumps out since these aren’t too sweet. 

Also, the ‘dough’ is more of a batter, so don’t be alarmed when you get to that step.  These are supposed to end up light and fluffy like cakes instead of a denser cookie consistency.

Very yummy!!!! I did not add cream of tartar, but I did add 1tsp of nutmeg!!! I also didn’t have buttermilk so I added 1tsp white vinegar to the milk, still yummy!

Excellent sugar cookie, follow recipe as written do not change any am'ts. or ingredients.  I put pecan turtles on it when I took it out of oven. Delicious Valentines treat

