I live in Ohio and visit Amish country often. This stuff is sold at just about every authentic Amish restaurant and many roadside markets etc. You put it on bread folks -- just like you would peanut butter or butter. They serve it with white and wheat dinner rolls before your meal comes. It's a sweet spread you put on a roll, bagel, English muffin, whatever -- instead of jam. It's sweet; the Amish have a major sweet tooth. If you love peanut butter and you aren't allergic to something that isn't so good for you every now and again, this is going to ring your bell. Kids love it. My 42 year-old husband loves it. My 67 year-old mother loves it. It's just a nice treat and interesting change from your basic jam/butter/PB and we never leave Amish country without a tub of it. Now we can make it every once in a while at home! I have asked the Amish women how this is made and they told me it has marshmallow cream and corn syrup so I know this recipe is right on.

I've made it twice now and the first time exactly as directed. I loved it, but I used a bit more peanut butter and marshmallow creme because I love it so much. It was great. Thanks for a true Amish recipe.

It was really good. I did a little more peanut butter.

Fantastic, just like the stuff we buy/eat in Shipshewana. Thank you for the great base, next time ill add a bit of Medicine Flower Vanilla .

I visited my Sister in Wisconsin.   We went to Door County and Amish Peanut Butter was sold there. I had never heard of Amish Peanut Butter before  I bought a few jars and had them shipped home.  I found this recipe when I got home to California.  While this recipe is good, I find that there is just a little too much corn syrup called out.  I cut back on the amount of Corn Syrup and added just a little more Peanut Butter.
Overall my family really enjoyed this recipe and I will make again with my little variation of Corn Syrup and Peanut Butter.

My family and I usually also use maple syrup and butter and water but this was good too.

A farmer's market in Door County sells this, but it contains maple flavoring and has a texture that doesn't appeal to me.  I much prefer this smooth, sweet spread.  My son loves it on toast, but it would also be great with fruit.

I loved making this! I when to a restaurant and read the name on the bottle so I could make it. it tastes just like it. i'm definitely making this again!

Wonderful!  Just like the Amish restaurants serve.

Fast, fabulous, and delicious! Thanks!

