Just to add a note, about this fantastic bread, 18 TBS is 1 cup + 2 TBS....
18 TBS is just time consuming.  But sure can't beat the bread.

I tried something different with this recipe and it didn't work too well.  I did it on the dough cycle and baked it in the oven.  I guess I didn't bake it long enough because the center was doughy.  I outer pieces had a wonderful flavor.  I am trying it again now and will bake it in the bread maker.

I have never made bread before, I decided to try this recipe and I have to say, it was so easy and the bread was amazing! I will never buy from the store again!

First time making this fairly simple bread recipe. Great for beginners.  My family loved it.  It was absolutely delicious.

I just finished making this bread. It is a keeper. I will be making it again and again. Very easy to make.

Simple greatness! This bread does not last 24 hours with my kids. I have also made it with 2 tablespoons of cinnamon (yes we like cinnamon! And butter!) to make an additional tasty treaty without complications.

Great tasting!

I never understand why people write reviews for recipes, and then proceed to tell you that they didn't make the recipe at all. So basically they are writing a review for their own recipe that they made up that has nothing to do with the original recipe. This is a review FOR THIS RECIPE, MADE WITH A BREAD MACHINE.This was my first loaf of bread ever made with a brand new bread machine. It came out great! Perfect loaf of bread. I used all of the ingredients listed. If you want success, you need to buy the right flour. Use bread flour and not all purpose flour, nor any of the other flours out there. Get the best quality bread flour you can. Also, make sure to use rapid rise instant yeast for bread machines. I didn't know that there were so many different kinds of yeast out there. I made the recipe as written. It is important that you follow the instructions for your own bread machine. Mine had me put the wet ingredients in the bottom, then the dry in top. I mixed the dry ingredients in a bowl first to combine them, then put the dry ingredients over the top of the wet. Then my machine said to create a channel in the flour and put the yeast on top. Your machine have a different way of loading the ingredients.  I used the 2lb bread setting, then the medium for the top color. I can't  believe it worked! I gave it to a friend who is a bread fanatic and he loved it! It made my house smell like home. I also like that I can control the quality of ingredients. I used organic sugar and oil. It was just so fluffy and was the best bread. I've never had better bread. Butter was all I needed for a ticket to Heaven! Enjoy!

I've made this bread so many times & THIS time I THOUGHT I messed up...had NO oil! What I DID use was equal amounts of BACON grease! YES, you read correctly...bacon grease. It turned out GREAT! I WISH I could recall how it tasted with the oil but TRUST me when I say, the bacon did NOT have a "bacony" taste to it either.

This is my go to recipe for white bread.  I've tried other recipes which taste bland compared to this one.  I was able to convert the recipe (with the help of an online converter) to increase the loaf size to 2lb.  Love it!

This turned out really well. I followed the recipe as written and was very pleased with the result. I think next time I might use a little less sugar though. Otherwise I wouldn’t change anything.

