A very good recipe- my family is Pennsylvania Dutch in heritage, though we now live near Philadelphia.  This is like the Dutchies make it! I was successful using 1 cup molasses (Brer Rabbit brand makes a full flavor, which I like, and  mild flavor for those who want a tamer version) instead of the 1/2 molasses, 1/2 corn syrup blend.  I have never krown a PA Dutchie to use corn syrup.

I came across this website and thought this recipe seemed quite easy and that it would come out pretty good-- no way! I used the other reviewer's advice and added extra shortening to the crumb mixture and was using blackstrap molasses as well but it turned into a molasses goo. Did anyone else have this problem? This is my FIRST disgraceful baking experience of all my 12 or so years baking many different recipes!! I've moved on to find a more authentic Pennsylvania Dutch recipe for shoo-fly pie, if I find a good one I'll post it on here.... I give this recipe 2 thumbs down!            Suzie

We really liked this, and I was surprised at how easily it came together. I'd make this again.

MUST be made with a deep dish pie crust!  I had a huge mess in my kitchen from gooey molasses filling overflowing the regular pie crust I was using.

what's the purpose of trying to 'layer' the crumbs when they sit on top of the liquid as you pour through? I ended up with a thick floury crumb layer on the pie.

I have been making this pie for years. It's a great recipe. Love it!!! I made one for a family member today. Came on to print a copy of this and figured I should rate it. I give it 5 stars *****

Im from Pennsylvania and I grew up eating wet bottom shoo fly pie. This did not taste like any pie I've had before. I was extremely disappointed.

my family is pa dutch as are all of our neighbors. where i come from it is imperative for a woman to know how to make the very best of the traditional pa dutch foods. i make one of the best shoo flies in the county nd i use this recipe(with a few minor changes). thankyou for posting this recipe ....btw..if you mess this recipe up then you should probably work on your baking skills.

I made this recipe several different times, I need to know if the crust is supose to absorb the molasses mixture? That looks to me like the pie burnt. Is that why it is called Wet bottom? I find it hard to cut it as well.

There crumbs are all used to top the pie in a real Pa. Dutch pie.  They are not mixed with other ingredients.

This tasted nothing like the shoofly pie I had in PA. I ended up throwing it in the trash.

