We wanted a new potato recipe for our Christmas Day Brunch that didn't include cheese.  We live close to the Amish in Ohio and know that there cooking is excellent so I tried this recipe.

We called them potato pancakes as that is what thy looked like.  They were AWESOME!  Everyone loved them.  I made them at home and kept them warm in the oven before we traveled.  Then, kept them warm in my relatives oven before serving.  The only difference is they lose their crispiness by being in the oven which is fine for some.  I like them crunchy right out of the pan!

Also, I was in a hurry and forgot to add the onions.  Nobody seemed to miss them!

These are more like Onion Ring Patties then hash browns.  If you like onion rings, you will love these!  They may not be the best choice for breakfast though.  

Turn your heat to medium rather than medium high, or you will burn them to a crisp.

Made it as directed.    Husband went back for seconds

I thought they were excellent

These were good and I will make again. Liked the crunch from the cornmeal. Easy to make and a good taste. I would call them Amish potato pancakes.

This was "ok" for me.  I found it a little "gummy" and thick.  I prefer to make potato pancakes, which have a thinner batter and cook up nice and crisp and do not have that flour taste overriding the potato taste.

delicious. used olive oil instead of vegetable.

These are excellent, and great reheated in the oven too! 
The only change I made was to use less oil in the recipe, just drizzled in a bit of olive oil.  Will definitely make them again.

It's more trouble than my old fashioned fry 'em ups but very good.

This is really good! I made this for dinner using my electric salad grater and was  it very easy to make. I changed a couple things like adding the oil directly to the ingredients and then cooked them on a gas stove in larger portions (I think I made five patties) ten minutes on each side at medium heat. Came out pleasantly brown and appetizing! A keeper!

Loved it - crispy on the outside and good texture on the inside. I would have added less onion and I made sure to dry the grated potatoes in some paper napkin before adding them to the flour mixture. I also added some scallion for colour. Served the hash browns with some goat cheese mixed with scallion. Absolutely lip-smacking good!

