This is a very moist and delicious recipe.  I added 1/2 teaspoon Lemon Peel and substituted Lemon Extract for the Vanilla Extract.  Even more Lemony.  Thanks for a good recipe to used with the Amish Starter.

I did not care for this recipe.

Even better than the “original” cinnamon bread recipe - this bread is so moist and flavorful!  I will definitely make this again and look forward to trying it with 1/2 lemon extract and 1/2 vanilla extract.  The lemon flavor in this bread is somewhat mild (not a bad thing!).

I did not have poppy seeds, so I made it without them. It was still a totally delicious lemon bread!

lemon is great just as directions say.  2teaspoon lemon juice even more flavor.  did 1 batch for the chocolate lovers with 2 chocolate pudding and 1 tablespoon cocoa other Ing. the same taste great. Did 1 batch french vanilla pudding added 1/2 teaspoon almond extract and 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg.  all good all gone.  Great recipe easy to adjust according to taste and fuction

This was so good!  I did make a glaze for the top using lemon and orange peel and I had to freeze some.  It turned out sooo yummy!!

This bread is really moist, soft and tasty!  I did what one of the other reviewers said and substituted lemon extract for the vanilla. I also added about 1/4 cup extra milk because the batter seemed really thick, and it turned out great! I will definitely make this again.

I'm diabetic and watching my carbs.  I used sugar-free pudding mix and substituted 1 cup of white whole wheat flour.  When I tasted the batter before adding in sweetener it was already pretty sweet so I didn't use any additional sugar/splenda.  It came out great and I can eat a piece with much less guilt.

i completely omitted the oil completely...and substituted 3 tbsp of lemon flavoring for the muffin mix...and added 2 tsp of fresh lavender.....the recipe made 12 good-sized muffins...the recipe is very moist and flavorful

Excellent results with this recipe...I didn't have lemon pudding so substituted vanilla pudding and added 1 3/4 tsp lemon extract with only 1/4 of pure vanilla.  Personal preference would be to add more poppy seeds.  This is a must try recipe!

Delicious! Loved it! Will definitely be a repeat recipe in my household.

