Made it for the 1st time last night and we all loved it.  Very creamy.  Next time I won't add as much sugar, but will keep everything else the same.

This turned out tasty but too runny.

Great recipe but personally I tweak it a little bit. First of all the sugar is way overboard in my opinion a quarter cup is more than enough, I also think adding some radishes or peppers and cutting way down on the celery as more flavor just make sure whatever you use in place of it has a good crunch to it. I like to use red and youkon potatoes and leave the skin on the secret is to cook them just right.  My uncle was telling me the secret to my grandma's potato salad was adding the vinegar to the potatoes after they cook but I haven't figured out exactly how to do that.

This is the best potato salad I have ever tasted. My family can't get enough of it. I only use half the sugar and it still tastes sweet but not too much. Didn't bother with the mayo.

Delicious! Used only 1/2 cup of sugar and didn’t have celery seed, so I didn’t use it. Used fresh new potatoes from the garden which made it even better! Will definitely make again

I traded marinaded red bell peppers for carrots and chopped olives for celery ( my family  doesent like chopped carrots or celery) and this came out to be the best potato salad I have ever had!! This will be a “pass it to the kids “recipe.

Loved it. I took a potatoes peeler and peeled the carrots and then chopped them. Doubled the recipe but didn't double the vinegar or mustard. Just added a little extra. Instead of celery seed I chopped up celery leaves and added parsley. What a great recipe.

This has been my recipe for several years. Once you try it, you will NEVER go back to making it any other way.  The only things I've ever changed is less sugar and adding more boiled eggs.   It's slightly more labor intensive than regular potato salad, but so worth it.  It's hardly worth mentioning.

I loved it great flavor except one thing: its way to sweet. Flowed the recipe exactly and ended up with a lot of extra dressing and it was just too sweet. I usually like sweet. recommend cut the sugar 1/2. it says 3/4 of a cup wonder if it was supposed to be 1/4?

Yummy as is

I made half the recommended amounts. It was really good. I also peeled my potatoes first because I have never mastered peeling a hot potato without making a mess. 
I thought it was a little sweet and will add 1T less sugar the next time.  It is a little more work than regular potato salad but is delicious.

