I did make some changes to this recipe, based on what I thought needed to be done. For the meat mixture, I used 1/2 cup ketchup, 1/8 cup brown sugar, 1-1/2 cups crackers, added garlic powder and worcestershire.
Made only 1/2 the amount of glaze. Baked the loaf for 15 min. longer than recommended.
This was absolutely delicious, both hot and cold. I would make it again in a heartbeat, but only with my modifications. Thanks, Duano.

Sorry, but about the only thing positive I can say about this recipe is that it makes a nice moist meatloaf. This may have been a result of using butter crackers or maybe because I use beef/pork/veal for my meatloaves instead of ground beef. I also use only 1 egg instead of 2. The negative side is this recipe is way too sweet!!! All that sugar! I will use the cracker idea again, but that's it. I'll go back to my brown gravy instead. This tasted too much like a sweet sloppy joe.

We liked it a lot.  I followed the recipe except I only had 1 sleeve of ritz crackers so I added some little square butter crackers to make up the 2-1/2 cups.  I put three slices of bacon across the top instead of two and put it on broil for a couple of minutes at the end.  I let it rest while we had our salad and it was just right.  Moist but still firm. I’ll make it again.

I think this is a very good meatloaf minus two issues: first, it tends to fall apart, even after cooling it, when you are slicing it to serve and second, it is a little too sweet for my taste.  Having many Amish friends, I can vouch that they like things sweet, so this is authentic!

Excellent

When I make a recipe for the first time, I always do it word for word. I had misgivings about this one, with all that ketchup and sugar, but I like a moist meatloaf, so thought I'd give it a try. It was the worst meatloaf I have ever eaten. Don't even think I'll try to tweak it or anything.  I'll stick to tried and true.

Love this meatloaf recipe!  We use ground moose meat instead of beef, still a wonderful recipe. So simple and tasty!

I agree there was just too much sugar in the original recipe.  I made it as written and then made it again with some changes: I left out the sugar altogether in the meatloaf and only added 2 Tbsp. to the topping. To the meatloaf, I added 1 Tbsp. or Worcestershire, 2 cloves of minced garlic, 1/3 C. ketchup.  To the topping, I also cut down the vinegar to 1 tsp.  For those reviewers who said it was too greasy, try this hack: slice an onion into 1/2 inch slices and place them into the bottom of the pan in a single layer, then put the meat mixture on top.  This keeps the meat above the grease and adds more flavor! Cut down on the onion in the meatloaf if you wish...I do this for roasts as well, try it!

I found this recipe years ago and it is now my go to for meatloaf. I usually sauté the onions first and make more of the sauce for topping. Serve with mashed potatoes and chopped broccoli to balance the sweetness.

After reading other reviews, I also reduced the sugar and added Worcestershire sauce and garlic powder.  I also reduced the quantities for the glaze (ran out of ketchup!) which was no problem.  The hint about putting two slices of bread at the bottom of the pan to soak up melted fat was very clever.  Will definitely make this again!

I've made this several times and it's great.  I made it exactly as written the first time and then made some changes.  I use crispy fried onions instead of crackers.  I removed the bacon and drained the grease for the last 15 minutes of baking.  I love the topping sauce and double that, half for the top and the other half for dipping meatloaf in.

