My Grandmom was born in Reading PA so she had lots of PA Dutch recipes and this was my favorite. This pie was  always runny when she made it.She made this every Thanksgiving. I will say it isn't for everyone. My Grandmom and I were the only people who ate it in the whole house. I think it is delicious and brings back great memories.

I'm sorry to post such a negative review about this pie, but it was just awful.  I followed the directions, but the pie never did set-up.  I continued cooking for almost another hour and it was still very runny.  After it cooled I tasted the runny filling and was very disappointed.  I would not recommend this recipe.

If you love the flavor of dark molasses you'll like this pie.  It's very rich. I expected it to set like a pecan pie or a buttermilk pie and that doesn't happen. It also had to cook for nearly 60 minutes for it to be anything other than soup. 
The flavor is good but I probably won't make this again.

I love this recipe. As another review indicates I also followed the instructions and the pie refused to set up. I tried it again but this time I added the flour to the sugar in a bowl and mixed it well. Then I added the milk and stirred it very good. Then I put the liquid into the pie shell and followed the recipe from there. That worked like a charm.

This brings back memories of my Grammy.  She too made this with leftover pie dough  for me when young.  I’ve since made this for my children.  I have to say there is not enough flour, should be more like 3&1/2 Tbls and I use 1 cup of sugar.  Cream plus milk in a 1/3 ratio.  It helps to warm the cream slightly prior to adding.  Waaay too much molasses, 1/4 cup at most.  Make sure to mix dry ingredients in pie shell prior to adding milk and cream.  (Smidge of vanilla extract doesn’t hurt here) After you add liquid gently stir to incorporate the dry and distribute through the pie filling.  I think this helps it set better.  I also add butter piece, the size of a walnut, maybe 1 tbls.  Sprinkle cinnamon on top.  Bake at 400 for 15 min then reduce heat to 350 and bake another 45-50 min.  Let the pie cool in the hot oven.  It will set sometimes a bit runny but this is what makes it soooo good.  My son will eat the whole pie if I let him.  Good,old, PA Dutch pie.

Side note, can also use chocolate milk when making.

Thanks, a truly old PA Dutch recipe, exactly what I was looking for!  My mom and grandma also made this using left over dough, putting it in a small pie pan as well.  One of my favorite memory foods; we all loved it but I can see where others would think it odd as it doesn't set up.

This should be called "Disaster Runny Molasses Pie"! I hate to write a bad review but I think this is warranted to help prevent others from trying this waste of time recipe out. I grew up in Pennsylvania and have fond memories of our family making milk pies. This pie will not even come close to setting so your finished pie will be a liquid pie. 1 cup of molasses is at least 3/4 cup too much! To top it off the  thing boiled over creating a huge molasses mess in my oven. My saving grace was that I found another milk pie recipe out on the web that I made along with this one that turned out good. I'm going to consult with some family members about milk pies next time I have a go at them.

My Grandmother made us these on baking day when there was left over pie dough. I recently started making them for my kids and grandchild they love it.

My Grandmom was born in Reading PA so she had lots of PA Dutch recipes and this was my favorite. This pie was  always runny when she made it.She made this every Thanksgiving. I will say it isn't for everyone. My Grandmom and I were the only people who ate it in the whole house. I think it is delicious and brings back great memories.

It was so neat to see this recipe!  My grandmother who is Pennsylvania Dutch made this for me as a child when we had left over scraps.  She had a mini pie tin and would make me a "milk shlope."  This recipe brought back wonderful memories, thank you!

I'm sorry to post such a negative review about this pie, but it was just awful.  I followed the directions, but the pie never did set-up.  I continued cooking for almost another hour and it was still very runny.  After it cooled I tasted the runny filling and was very disappointed.  I would not recommend this recipe.

