Excellent!  A bit time consuming but worth it.

this is one of my favorite recipes, comfort food all the way. do I always follow the direction to the letter... no it depends what I have, but mostly I do and I love it

This is the best tomato pie recipe because it isn’t runny.  Tomato flavors are intensified by the drying.

The recipe is a bit confusing, and time consuming, BUT very  good , especially over the next few days.  REALLY.

I made this tomato pie for dinner. My husband and I felt it was a tasty recipe; a different use for garden tomatoes.The recipe was a  time consuming but not difficult. Generally the directions were clear but in step #5 I felt "reduce oven temperature to 400" should have been stated first, as I did have to read that  again to make sure I understood it correctly. I let the pie cool completely as directed but we felt we would have enjoyed it more if it was warm. Also, next time I'll add 1 -2 cloves minced garlic. I wasn't sure about storage for leftovers so I refrigerated to be safe.

amazing dish!!  I used cherry and yellow grape tomatoes from my garden-maybe less beautiful, but very fresh & fantastic. Followed other reviews and did (1.) even amounts of cheese, (2.) was generous with the mayonaise,  and (3.) salted the not-roasted tomatoes, which DID help dry them out, but then I also added an extra pinch of salt at the end, and it was too salty for me...so I won't add extra next time. I threw in  a little herbes de provence just because it adds a little depth to almost anything.    Roasting the tomatoes took a LOT longer than 40 minutes, but the end result was pretty intense. Definite, do-over.

I loved the ingredients and assembly final presentation. Exceptional taste

This tomato pie sounds a lot better than it really is. I used home grown heirloom and Roma tomatoes and basil from my garden. Everything was as fresh and delicious as possible, but the pie is way too much work for just an ok outcome.  I added my own Italian seasoning blend and fleur de sel finishing salt but it still needed more seasoning. After an hour of cooling it still wasn't ready to slice, but we were hungry so ate the messy dish. If I were to make this again, I would make it in the morning, cooking the tomatoes twice as long so there is almost no liquid, including the tomatoes that get placed on top. Then let the pie cool all day and add more seasonings. I liked the concept but... I forgot to take it photo but it looked beautiful.

It was terrific. More steps than I usually take, but well worth it.

Many steps but I did them ALL and the result was worth it.  Delicious flavors. I used beefsteak and yellow tomatoes I just got from the farmers market and Asiago with the cheddar instead of fontina bc that’s what I had on hand.  The instructions for baking the tomatoes were confusing. Recipe seems to have you putting sliced tomatoes right on your oven rack. No! Use a wire baking rack (the kind used to cool cookies etc hot from the oven) placed inside a cookie sheet with raised edges so as to create a shallow roasting pan. I used a pre-made rolled pastry crust found next to the dairy case in the supermarket (where the pop-can biscuits are found). The whole thing was time-consuming but so delicious it was worth it.

