HERMAN STARTER---On the fifth day of dividing the starter I chose to make pancakes with the discarded starter. Wow! I was really impressed with the pancakes. Never have I eaten such delicious sweet sourdough pancakes. I have used other soughdough starters in making pancakes but I have never been able to produce such light and airy pancakes. These pancakes were brimming with flavor and are delicious eaten cold, with butter and jam. I don't like left over pancakes normally I discard them but Herman's pancakes can be eaten cold or plain with or without syrup, butter and jam. I'm really pleased with the Herman starter. NOTE---Herman sweet sourdough starter can be used for baking any time after the 5th day. It's not necessary to wait 15 days. Start using it after the 5th day. This starter is a keeper.

The starter smells wonderful, but when it came to making the bread, it came out quite bland.  Made the apartment building smell like a brewery, but is a nice smell.
Not sure if I did something wrong with the starter, or if I just need to add some fresh sugar to the bread recipe.

I have made this starter dozens of times over the last ten years. But I soon realized I did NOT want to keep it alive and in the fridge for months or years at a time. For many years I have made and used once or twice a year, but sped up the process by keeping it on the counter. Everything I make with this starter tastes just as good with some of the starter being only 7-8 days  old (just growing on the counter) as it does using the refrigerator method for 15-100+ days. I just use it up over the course of 3-4 weeks and don’t have to babysit it long term. Pancakes, banana bread/cake and coffee cake are my favorites. Cheers!

My Mom gave me a batch of this starter way back when I was first married (and we won't talk about how long ago that was).  I'm going to mix up a batch today.  Just wish I didn't have to wait so long to start baking with it. The recipes I had were soooooooooooo good.

While this was easy enough to do the amount of waste involved each day when you discard starter and "feed" the rest is a bit unnerving. While it was fun to make I don't think I'd do it again. If you are going to bake sourdough bread weekly, it's probably great but not for the once in awhile bread baker.

I really loved the sweet breads/rolls that I made with this starter.

GREAT BREAD STARTER!! Took me back to my original LOVE for sour dough! THANK YOU SO MUCH for this recipe!! Been looking for this 30+years!!  We originally were given the starter by a little old lady... We didn't have the recipe to make the starter.  This Herman Sourdough Starter is easy to adapt to  almost anything!!  I have used it as a base to make various breads, pancakes, muffins, even pretzels!  I just find recipes I think would be good with sourdough as the base, and I adapt the ingredients to include this as part (usually, I just adjust whatever is wet in the recipe, maybe reduce the water or milk used, and replace half of what it calls for with that much starter).  I have had much success!!  Getting ready to make the starter again now.  Don't be afraid to get creative!!  :)

I have made this on and off for over 15 years.   I will tell you  yes you can make pancakes, bread or whatever in 5 days, you do not get depth of flavor if you wait!  The longer you feed it the better the flavor  gets!!   Some reviewers are not very pleased with their results. There are many ways  that can be the cause of it. Some of the  most common are the flour your using,  metal spoons, the strains of wild yeast in your area and your water are a few to name a few.

Followed to the t and it died. Thinking it needs a longer ferment time before it goes in the fridge. I have other starters in the fridge but they are old.

Can you use buttermilk instead of regular milk?

Love it!

