2.8.20  Wow, this was quite the surprise in a very good way.  Simply put, this was a remarkable Saturday morning breakfast.  Not quite sure what the texture should be, but I did cook an additional 5 minutes to crisp up the top layer of the oatmeal, and the texture was absolutely perfect.  You bite into a very creamy oatmeal, then the sweet fruit flavors kick in. Recipe doesn’t state what type of oatmeal to use, but I used old fashioned oats, and would do that again.  The only modification I will make next time will  be to reduce the amount of brown sugar, but that’s personal taste preference.  The recipe submitter stated to use whatever type of fruit that you wanted, so I used fresh strawberries and blueberry pie filling (great combo).  Gary Douylliez, thanks for passing on this recipe, we really enjoyed it, and I wouldn’t hesitate to serve this to family and friends.  5-STARS-ALL-THE-WAY!

Very creamy, delicious and filling.I used old fashioned oats which I suspect made it more chewy than if I had used quick oats. I only had blueberry pie filling on hand, no strawberries. The recipe doesn’t specify using any spices or flavorings, but I did sprinkle cinnamon sugar on top before baking. Definitely a keeper!

This recipe was absolutely delicious! It was very easy to make. I am looking forward to trying it with blueberry pie filling next time!

This recipe is delicious! I used Blueberry Pie Filling and topped half of the dish with Chopped Walnuts (someone else said that they did that and it was good). The combination of Strawberry and Blueberry was great and I enjoyed the nut topping as well. Nuts or no nuts - personal preference.

Turned out great. Sprinkled some walnuts after serving and a little cream and it made a satisfying breakfast for several days.

2.8.20  Wow, this was quite the surprise in a very good way.  Simply put, this was a remarkable Saturday morning breakfast.  Not quite sure what the texture should be, but I did cook an additional 5 minutes to crisp up the top layer of the oatmeal, and the texture was absolutely perfect.  You bite into a very creamy oatmeal, then the sweet fruit flavors kick in. Recipe doesn’t state what type of oatmeal to use, but I used old fashioned oats, and would do that again.  The only modification I will make next time will  be to reduce the amount of brown sugar, but that’s personal taste preference.  The recipe submitter stated to use whatever type of fruit that you wanted, so I used fresh strawberries and blueberry pie filling (great combo).  Gary Douylliez, thanks for passing on this recipe, we really enjoyed it, and I wouldn’t hesitate to serve this to family and friends.  5-STARS-ALL-THE-WAY!

