Okay, I am absolutely addicted to this salad.  However, I have made some changes to it.  First, I prefer bow tie pasta.  I think it gives it a little more visual appeal.  I also dry the pasta on paper towels after I drain it.  This keeps the moisture level down and allows the dressing to coat the pasta better.  I use fat free Miracle Whip to keep the fat content down.  I use four eggs instead of three.  I find the sugar is an important ingredient however, I only use about 1/4 to 1/2 cup.  I also use apple cider vinegar.  I don't add the red pepper because my husband doesn't like them but they do give it a great color.  We all love celery so I add extra and I also chop the leaves from the celery stalks and add those.  I also like to add in a little garlic salt.  It always seems to  make a lot of dressing so I mix in just enough to coat the pasta and let it sit over night.  I cover and fridge the remaining dressing.  Then, if it looks a little dry in the morning, I add more of the dressing.  This keeps it from being too liquidy.  

I have also added in a can of well drained tuna which gives it a great flavor and makes it more of a meal.  

The dressing also works great as a base for potato salad.  

YUM!!!

I wish I had read other reviews before making this ( usually do and this will teach me a lesson). The 3/4 cup sugar just ruined what would have been a great recipe 1/8 to a 1/4 cup would have been fine. Also, use a whole box (16 oz.) of macaroni. Two cups isn't nearly enough for this recipe.

Just the dressing alone makes this a good recipe! I did make a couple of variations though. Instead of red pepper, I used some chopped green Olives with pimento, instead of 3/4 c of sugar I used about 1/4 to 1/2 c and I added a bit more sweet relish than calls. I like my macaroni salad wet and not dry. Will make this again!

This Amish Macaroni salad did not have enough elbow noodles with only 2 cups.  The Miracle Whip was way too much as the recipe called for 2 cups. Not correct proportions.  I agree with the others, 3/4 cup of sugar was way too much.  This is a poor recipe.  I would not recommend it.

This is a good recipe but I used a whole box of bow tie pasta otherwise it would have been too much dressing.  As another reviewer mentioned they pour just enough to coat the pasta and reserve the remaining dressing in a jar.  Also I cut the sugar back to 1/2 cup and that was still too much sweetness.  I will use an 1/4 cup or less next time.

THE BEST Macaroni salad! I get compliments every time I make it. I do change a bit. I use Hellmans mayo, 6 eggs, 3 TBSP of the dill pickle juice 😋  no celery.

Agree w/the sugar notes..2 much) on 2nd try I added ham, black olives and banana peppers....original recipe is also good on potato salad (less the sugar).  If you have been to the Amana Colonies you will see how good their food is...YUM!

Loved this salad! I did cut the sugar to 1/4 c and it was perfect.  I omitted the hard boiled eggs because I'm not a fan and then added some shredded cheddar cheese and 1 cucumber, peeled and thinly sliced.  I only used enough of the dressing to coat the salad well and saved the rest in case it needed more the next day, but it didn't.  Both hubby and I finished this off and thoroughly enjoyed it.  Thanks for the great recipe!

took it to a BBQ and everyone loved it!

ExcellentNeed to cut sugar way back.

I usually try to do exactly as printed - but with so many reviews saying to go easy on the sugar I ended up only putting in about 3 tablespoons and it was plenty!  you can keep adding if needed.  I also put in 1 1/2 cups of Miracle whip and 1/2 of mayo.  It was delicious and taste even better the next day.

