I used acorn squash...yellow would have been much soupier...so had to cook it longer. It was very, very good. I look forward to trying other veggies. But this mix of gold and green was beautiful. Only problem...there is no way to get 16 circles out of the pie crust. By stretching we got 12.

This was delicious and pretty easy to make. Lots of yummy veggies in a cute little pocket.

I made these  as the recipe stated,  I just made them double size so I  had to bake a little longer.  Everyone loved them.  Excellent blend of flavors.  Great way to use my fresh squash and kohlrabi!

This is amazing! I usually bypass recipes with little reviews but something told me to try. I AM glad I did. The only thing I did different was I deglazed the pan with vegetable stock. It's so good I just ate the filling with a salad.

Exceptional...everyone loved it!  I used refrigerated biscuit or croissant dough.

I made the empanada dough from scratch (and had to bake these longer as a result), but otherwise followed the recipe exactly. The filling is delicious! I may make these again, but if I do, we'll come up with some sort of dipping sauce. They seemed a bit dry.

My modifications: when sauteing the garlic and ginger I added half a yellow cooking onion, diced, and then omitted the green onion called for later. I used closer to a sprinkling of nutmeg than a pinch. possibly as much as a 1/4 tsp. 

I used 2 boxes of store bought pie crust (4 rounds of dough), and did not roll them out. I used the lid to a Nancy's Yogurt container (5.5 inches in diameter) and was able to fit 4 rounds in each pie crust for a total of 16 empanadas. 

I had a TON of stuffing left over, so I used the pie scraps and fashioned two mini-pies using pie tins made for a toaster oven. 

I think I liked the mini-pies better than the empanadas because the crust-to-stuffing ratio was better; they weren't as pretty though. Alternately, I bet homemade crust cut into 6 to 7 inch empanadas rounds would have a good ratio. 

Overall a very tasty recipe. It was my first time working with kolrabi. I will definitely cook this recipe again!

Update: did cook this again, and completely skipped the empanada and went with pies. Used a muffin tin and they came out ADORABLE! See photos :)

Not too bad. I did do some alterations: Added Mushrooms and red pepper flakes. Make sure to have the mixture really cooled! I put mine in the freezer for 20 min, because I tried to go right from the pan to the crust and the crust fell apart immediately. And I cooked the veggies for a little longer so they were softer. Home-made pie crust would be lots better I think! This is a good starting point recipe.

I made the recipe as-is, but there is no way to get 16 empanadas out of this... I used the Pillsbury brand for the pie crust; rolling them to stretch it out made these savoury pastries rip and tear. I decided to make 6 big ones instead. These would be great with addition of a salty cheese like feta to really bring it together. I would definitely use a different dough, maybe even homemade, next time.

I used acorn squash...yellow would have been much soupier...so had to cook it longer. It was very, very good. I look forward to trying other veggies. But this mix of gold and green was beautiful. Only problem...there is no way to get 16 circles out of the pie crust. By stretching we got 12.

