This Argentine lentil stew is surprisingly delicious!!!  I followed the recipe precisely and the stew turned out great!  The ingredients combined very well.  The lentils are soft while the vegetables (and apples) remain slightly crisp.  The stew is a little spicy, a little sweet, and very filling; a perfect meal for the cold winter nights.  I am very pleased with this recipe and it will definitely become a regular meal in my home.  This is the best recipe I have found on allrecipes.com, I would rate it a 10 if possible!

This was pretty okay.  I made it exactly as written except instead of the fresh tomatoes, I used a 15 oz can of diced tomatoes slightly drained.  I agree with some of the other reviewers, it is kind of bland and the carrots do not get done.  I will put the carrots in with the lentils the next time if I do make it again.

Yum!  I used brown lentils because that is what I had on hand.  To me, they seem peppery which added a lot of flavor to the soup-stew.  The apple set in some sweetness so the combination of both flavors was unique and it made the dish very tasty.  I did not add the BBQ sauce, as I didn’t think the dish needed it and I wanted to keep it pure.  I will definitely make this again, trying different lentils.

I made it as directed except that I changed the barbeque sauce to chile sauce because the first time I made it I didn't like the flavor of the barbeque sauce. I have home made chile sauce from this site which wasn't such an overwhelming flavor. Otherwise it's great, and very filling.

This is my favorite lentil soup, I made it many many times, today I didn’t have tomatoes, so I used a 8 oz can of tomato sauce, it came out very tasty :)

Decent. I’ll make it again.

So, I'd give this five stars, but I never give five stars, so my four stars mean pretty much :  "wow, this was awesome!" 

I followed the recipe closely, though I did make a few changes out of necessity. I used a mix of barley and lentils because I couldn't find just lentils, on their own, at Aldi; and I used a 14oz. can of fire roasted, diced tomatoes as a replacement for one of the three tomatoes.

A solid 4 stars!! 
I don't like to use  flavored chemicals most of the time, so I omitted the barbecue sauce because I didn't  know how to make my own, plus I wouldn't have had the time to make my own anyway. :/
So I doubled the recipe as this was our family dinner accompanied by some sourdough toast. Because I left out the BBQ sauce, it was lacking in flavor. So I added some "herbes de Provence" and an extra carrot to the pot. To add a little sweet/sour of our missing BBQ sauce, I added a tbs Braggs apple cider vinegar. I should have added fresh thyme and more fresh garlic.  
I usually add diced Hebrew national beef hot dogs, to add depth and more protes but I wanted to get as close to the recipe as I could with stated omissions. 
Overall, this was very tasty. I really liked the apples in there and fully appreciated the generous vegetable content! 
My kids are 9 years of age and under and they all really liked it! My 9-year old son said he would give it a 9 out of 10!! My husband said it would make the repeat list. :) Thanks for a great recipe!!

I've made this a couple of times and it never disappoints. The mixtures of flavors gives me instant happiness.

Good but simmering for 20 mins as suggested left it flavorless. I simmered it for over an hour which really brought out the flavors and gave the carrots etc time to actually cook. I also ended up tossing in some chopped boiled potatoes because the broth was too thin and watery for my taste. I found the starch helped a lot in that regard.

I thought I did the recipe accurately, but none of the 3 of us enjoyed it. It was edible and we ate the leftovers, though. I guess it was the sweetness of the barbecue sauce that just didn't fit right. Perhaps other cooks are using a hickory sauce?

