Great recipe!  I loved the marinade.  I added some minced fresh garlic, olive oil, and worcestershire sauce.  I just eyeballed everything and put everything into a ziploc bag.  I didn't prepare the steaks in a skillet, I put them on the grill.  The smokiness from the fresh rosemary is a nice accompaniment to the steaks.  These go great with baked potatoes on the grill and a fresh garden salad.

Followed the recipe exactly, but used one steak in the slow cooker. It was a bit overdone; tender but the flavor didn't appeal to us (reminded me of pot roast).

Dang! I forgot to take a picture! The changes I made: Hawaiian sea salt, dehydrated morel mushrooms and yellow sweet onions. Turned out amazing!!!

Great recipe. In the summer months I prefer not to use the oven. Cooking it on the stovetop was quick and easy. This recipe was great and my family loved it. I especially liked the fresh rosemary and added a bit of olive oil to the marinade. The butter was a nice addition to this. I then put it in foil with its own juice and it remains tasty and not dry at all. Will do this again. Vivian

This steak was amazing. I was a little skeptical because some of the reviews said “my guests loved it but I didn’t.” I tried it anyway and it was delicious. Only did a couple minor changes after reading some reviews: I removed the steak and added garlic, the wine mixture, and a little bit of butter and brought it to a boil. I then added my steak back into the pan and let it boil for a couple minutes and once I turned it off I let the steak rest in the pan with the mixture. It was delicious, will definitely make this again!

Didn't care for the flavor of this.

I had to make a few changes to the recipe.  First, I rubbed the steak down with garlic and pepper.  Also, since I did not have a deep platter for the steak to sit in, I took the leftover cooked wine and used it as a au jus.

i made this recipe . I added onions... delicious!!!

Only thing I would note is that on my stovetop it took 6 minutes per side to cook to medium well but was otherwise delicious. Didn't have to add anything, was a great meal.

It was wonderful.  We will definitely have it again.

We love this recipe! Like others suggested, I added onion and butter for the sauce, but I put it all in with the steak to begin with. So good!

