Previous reviewers' frustration with this recipe is probably the fault of a certain vagueness in the directions.

Dulce de leche is essentially a jelly based on milk instead of fruit juice; the liquid needs to be reduced to about half its original volume. It will foam up considerably when first reaching an active simmer, and again when the baking soda is added. After that, it will be relatively well-behaved for a while and the heat can be turned up, though constant stirring will still be needed to keep the bottom from burning. When it's nearly ready, it will suddenly get very foamy again (if you have a jelly/deepfry thermometer, this will be at about 220 F). After that, you can keep testing small samples on a chilled plate to see how much it stiffens up; if you evaporate it too far down, you may end up with something more like soft fudge-- still perfectly edible, but perhaps not what you had in mind.

I'm not sure why this recipe suggests chilling the dulce de leche *before* placing in jelly jars, which seems like an invitation for trouble of various kinds. For a start, it's much easier to scrape it out when it's still hot. One last cleanup note-- instead of tossing the sticky pot into the sink to soak off the caramel you couldn't scrape out, pour a bit of plain milk into it and gently reheat it on the stove while stirring. Hey presto: caramel-sweet

Sorry Juliana, this was a total waste of time, ingredients and money.  My son and I looked high and low for a recipe for his 6th grade spanish class project.  We worked on this for nearly four hours one night and it never turned into anything but hot, vanilla milk.  It never thickened even after we added tapioca (after three hours of total frustration).  We wasted an entire gallon of milk (whole, because nothing was specified), cheesecloth, and a costly vanilla bean.

We'll  definitely make this again. We lowered it to 4 servings to try ( 2 cups of milk) and it turned out tasting like a thick caramel. Yummy!

The recipe is heavenly!! I just finished making it. Yes, it takes some time and a lot of stirring but it's soooooo worth it! I halved the recipe because I wasn't sure how it would turn out. Next time, I will make the full amount! It reduces down to probably less than 1/4 of what you started with! Trust me, you will want more!! I am so happy you shared this! Thanks!

This recipe did not work for me. Instructions are not good.

This is a superb recipe. I have been using it for 10 years. Start by making it with 1 quart (4 c.) of milk as a test. It requires A LOT of patience. If you don't have time or patience, boil a can of sweetened condensed milk. Straining through the cheesecloth is not required but creates a lovely smooth result. I use vanilla extract instead of the bean.

I am going to try this because I've looked for it with no luck and need this for a Sweet Potato recipe. I'm sure it will be fine. Thanks a lot for having the recipe in your possession.What a lifesaver you are.

Modifications are necessary as stated in other reviews to create a perfect dulce de leche.  I made a lighter and smaller version of this recipe.  I used 4 cups of nonfat Lactaid milk, 1/4 teaspoon vanilla extract, a little under 1 cup of sugar, and 1/4 of a teaspoon of baking soda.  At first, I was skeptical like some of the reviewers that I would ever get dulce de leche out of this mixture and would just end up with hot milk.  I figured that by using nonfat milk, I had altered the recipe too much.  However, once I followed the suggestions of others and raised the heat higher than medium after adding the baking soda, the mixture began to turn into dulce de leche.  In order for this recipe to work, you must use a higher heat during the last cooking phase and not medium like this recipe states.  To avoid burning the mixture, you will need to stir it constantly.  Nonfat milk and Lactaid milk (for those who are lactose intolerant) definitely works so if you are looking for a lighter option, you can absolutely make that substitution.

Boy, did I make a mess with this!  My attempt got hard and unwieldy very quickly.  I cannot blame it on the recipe, however.  Must be the cook!  I was chipping dulce de leche off everthing in sight!

YUMMY!!!  i am from a small island in the medittearanean sea and i have never tasted Dulce de leche but when i tried this recipe it tasted amazing. I found it very easy to make. The steps are very simple and clear and if you have a bit of patience it is worth it.I didnt need such a big quantity so i took the advise of other reviewers and decreased the amount to 4 cups of milk, 1 cup sugar, 1 tsp of vanila essense and 1/4 tsp baking soda. It took me about one hour and fifteen minutes of constant stiring and it was worth it. i served it as a sauce on top of chocolate cake and everybody loved it. Thank you very much!!

VERY VERY SWEET! But it took over 5 HOURS! I mean it is delicious but it really was VERY time consuming. There had to be an easier way to do this! Try other websites for less vague directons. I was stirring for over 5 hours!

