Hi Chris, I actually had a question about this recipe - is it really 2  1/2 CUPS of cornstarch?  Or is that supposed to be teaspoons? Just checking as I really want to make these cookies!  Thanks.  Val

Did not like these at all. Something about the texture..

I made these for a country project at school and they were gone by the end of the day! They took all morning to make but they were so delicious! I even tried a different Alfajore recipe but this one turned out so much better! Now I make these for company as my specialty and it's always a big hit! Thank you!

This recipe is so good that I ended up making if as a friend’s wedding gift. Everyone loved this recipe!

Really good. Takes a bit long to make but well worth it. I accidentally made the cookies too large so think that is why some of them cracked while applying the dulce de leche (milk based caramel sauce, bought at Walmart). I ended up carefully spreading the dulce on a cookie then adding the top cookie. I then painted the sides of the cookies with the dulce and rolled in coconut. Definitely need to make these again

Love it!!!

This recipe is legit as—is! C
Crumbly, delecate, delightful!
I did divide the lemon zest and extract in half and replace the missing half with tangerine zest and extract. Next time will add 1 more egg yolk with the aim of making them stiffer. And 1 more stick of butter aiming to make the dough more workable. But excellent as called for by this recipe!

They turned out amazing. However I did add on top of it all 2 whole eggs as it was too crumbly which may have been due to me using lard rather than butter also.

Followed the recipe to tee.  Never had these cookies before so I'm not sure what they are supposed to be like, but I find them quite dry.  Also the filling, while delicious, is too fluid to hold the top cookie in place, so it slides,  I don't think I'll make them again as they are rather labor intensive. Anybody want some left over dulce de leche?

I tried making it exactly as written, but  the dough does not hold together, I even tried chilling it overnight. I was able to salvage my dough by bringing it back to room temperature and adding a whole egg and another 1/2 stick of butter. The flavor was great, but I found the cookies to be very dry and messy to eat. I recently came back from Argentina and most of the alfajores we had down there were more of a cakey texture. I will still make again because once covered in chocolate these are quite delicious.

This recipe is very good, but i would recommend using 3 whole eggs rather than just the egg yolks so that the dough is more manageable. I rolled the dough very thin so that it was only 4mm thick and this meant there were alot more cookies and they still were a little bit crumbly when you bite into them

