GREAT flavor for ribs and not difficult.  These are not your standard, break-out-the-bib ribs.  They're easy, not messy, and quick!  You can vary the amount of salt you use, but you should be pretty generous with the amount you coat on the ribs.  The salt just cuts the fat away!

These are also tasty as leftovers.  Just steam them for 5 minutes and they're as good as right off the grill!  Definitely one of the best rib recipe's I've ever tried!

Way too salty. Would not recommend this to anyone.

These were ok. Some of us thought they were too salty, others liked them. I wonder if we should've used fattier meat. The tenderness was ok but we needed steak knives to cut them.

Easy and quick. The ribs came out tender and juicy.

I used Ice Cream churning salt and it was perfect.  Just the slight hint of salt.  wiping the excess salt off before applying the lime juice was the key for us.  Using the right salt and not plain Kosher salt is a must.  Those that had the salty problem could be tied also to those that BBQ'ed these ribs and not grilled them.  This is not a low and slow recipe.

This is a great recipe, but you have to use "coarse sea salt" and beat it off when its done cooking . The coarse salt locks the flavor in and it wont make the ribs salty at all.

This makes an awesome marinade.  I marinaded the ribs in this mixture and added some diced tomatoes, crushed garlic and green chilis and cilantro.  This was very very good.

I am betting alot of individuals inadvertently used table salt.  It is not at all salty when COARSE salt is used.  It is essentially the same way in which you prepare a 20# rib roast!  COURSE SALT people, NOT table salt!!!

You absolutely must use rock salt for this recipe. Not just coarse salt. This is known as kosher rock salt or Ice Cream salt. If you use table salt, salt from a salt grinder or anything finer it will ruin the meat. If you use the right salt this recipe is amazingly good and simple. This is also known as Churrascaria or picanha in Brazil.

Stop!!! This is an excellent recipe but I know why it is too salty for most of the reviewers.  You are not using the right salt. When they say coarse salt you need to use at least Kosher salt but I use more like a rock salt.  After cooking most of it breaks away and the meat is not too salty.  A fine salt will absolutely ruin this dish.

Excellent!

