This is the first recipe that was so perfect I just had to submit a review. This sauce contains the exact flavors desired, and is so easy to make. It has already become a staple in my kitchen routine.

abosolutely not the Chimichurri Im used to... didnt like it, sorry

This recipe is Muy Perfecto just like it's name!  I took Baking Nana's suggestion and doubled the garlic, but other than that, this is the recipe as written.  AMAZING!  I am putting on the Simple Roasted Chicken from this site (also delicious!)  I can't wait until I'm hungry again ;-)

Great recipe. Only change an reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is that I go with 1/2 cup oil instead of a cup. Making it as I type!

This is a solid recipe.  I would have expected more garlic.  I made it as stated and it was good.  I doubled the garlic and let it rest in the refrigerator to meld the flavors and it was great.  I served with shrimp and thinly sliced roasted pork.  It would be good on just about anything.  Thanks for sharing this recipe.

This is the easiest chimichurri recipe I have found. I use half the oil and twice the vinegar - and use an immersion blender mini-processor attachment. Have also used garlic powder equivalent instead of minced garlic. I have served it several times to friends at dinner parties and it is always a hit. I serve it with grilled skirt steak marinated in oregano, cumin, garlic, salt, pepper, and red wine vinegar for a few hours.

abosolutely not the Chimichurri Im used to... didnt like it, sorry

So easy and great w/ so many different things!

I had to share with everyone what I just made. I changed the recipe a bit, omitting the hot sauce and adding more garlic and cilantro. I tossed it in cooked and cooled bow tie pasta added roasted bell peppers, sun dried tomatoes and chuncks of cheese. OMG the flavers are so unreal. It just stays on your pallet. Love Love this recipe!!!!!

this is a great, easy, versatile sauce. i put it on garlic crostini with grilled steak strips and it was a big hit

I was expecting this to be better than it was - next time, I will definitely add more garlic and take out the oregano. The oregano made it taste more like an Italian bread dipping oil, not chimichurri. Okay, but not awesome.

