My mom is from Peru and she makes empandas from a very similar recipe.  This recipe gets two thumbs up for its authenticity!  The only difference between my mom's empanadas and this recipe is the way you cook the beef.  In my mom's recipe the beef is fried with all of the seasonings and onions. It is then drained of its excess fat. 80% lean works best because it prevents the meat from getting dried out when baking. I grew up eating beef empanadas and they are great!  I think condiments really add something to the empandas; we always ate them with either lemon squeezed over them which works really well with the sweetness of the raisins and the spicyness of the paprika.  The second option was to pour a few shakes of hotsauce to into your empanada.  Cayenne peppersauce is excellent on an empanada!

Close but not quite. I've made these several times and was shown how by my friend from Buenos Aires. We use almost the same ingredients except... No shortening, 1- white onion, No paprika- Hungarian or hot, No vinegar, 1/4 teaspoon of cayenne, and Filo dough brushed with raw egg at the seam and on top. They turned out perfect every time and tasted great. Side note- friend preferred pimento stuffed green olives while I did not.

This recipe sounds great.  She gives specific instructions as to how to seal the empanadas to prevent them from drying out. I wish the accompanying video would have shown that procedure and the resulting look of that empanada recipe. Thank you.

So so good, and for us a welcome new flavor pallet!  The whole family gobbles them up.

I have made these a couple of times.  They are great right out of the oven or as leftovers for a quick snack.

Good recipe but I’m surprised that the author states use the pinch method to close and not a fork. Yet the video shows a fork. I was hoping to see the pinch method but alas.....

I had the real things in Buenos Aires, these are almost as good, be careful you don't put too much in the middle you can't seal it

I liked the use of the puff pastry, but I found the meat to be bland. I need to pump up the spices for next time around.

This recipe worked well with one exception.  In my new convection oven, I didn't realize that you weren't supposed to use the bottom rack setting so for half of my batch the bottoms burned (even though I rotated per the recipe).  I won't make that mistake a second time.    After slicing off the bottoms, those were salvageable.  They tasted good and my family really like them.  Preparation time seemed quite a bit longer than advertised though.  I will try these again and try some other fillings as well.

Liked the filling. Didn't care for the texture of the puff pastry. Wil try with a pie crust mixture.

These were delicious.  They were a lot of work but very tasty.   Don't think I would make them again due to the amount of work.

