These aren't bad, but I think some spices like cinnamon, nutmeg or allspice would really help to perk up the flavor. Even a glaze on top would be good.

Added 1 tsp pumpkin pie spice

I added cinnamon and allspice. They came out pretty good!

awesome recipe, i added choc chips.

I made these today and already ate two. This is a really solid starting point recipe. The ratios are great for a proper scone texture magically without a lot of sugar or fat. If you don't change the ratio but add spices for flavor, I think you have a perfect, almost healthy scone with great pumpkin spice flavor. What a miracle. Here are my changes: I cut in 2T of butter instead of 1. I added 1 heaping teaspoon of cinnamon, 1 heaping teaspoon of all pumpkin spice, 1/2 T vanilla extract. I also always use a heaping teaspoon of baking powder. I did half whole wheat flour/half white flour. I also did 1/4 cup white sugar, 1/4 c light brown sugar. If I was baking them again, I would add a little more sugar or use all a dark brown sugar...or I'd add some molasses or maple syrup. I felt like I wanted them a little sweeter. Of course a topping or sprinkle of sugar on top also would round out that flavor brighten up the sweetness a bit. They really are great. Use the recipe as a base and add flavor with cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, or vanilla, etc. The pumpkin puree gives it plenty of moisture with almost no added fat with the little butter you add.

I have made this recipe several times. It is a great idea but requires a number of additions to be a great recipe.
The most important thing is that it needs spices, cinnamon, nutmeg, all spice and or traditional pumpkin pie spice, depending on your preferences.
It is some what dry and a spicy glaze adds a lot to the scones.
Last night I tried something new, I added one and  one half table spoons of fancy molasses to the  to the pumpkin puree along with a half tspn of vanilla.  It made a subtle but greatly enjoyed difference. It becomes a scone with complex flavours.
I rated this at four because it is a good starting point but as it is written, it is bland and unexciting.  My sweetie prefers these to the ones down stairs at Starbucks.

These aren't bad, but I think some spices like cinnamon, nutmeg or allspice would really help to perk up the flavor. Even a glaze on top would be good.

Made these earlier tonight.Both the wife and I quite liked them. I used all purpose flour and four tspn of baking powder.
I also made a spicy glaze which I think this one needs. Easy, quick, satisfying.
I've made these three times now. they remain a hit although I did add a tsp of vanilla extract, and 1/2 tsp cinnamon, all spice, and pumpkin pie spice to the dough and still use a spicy glaze.

Delicious healthy recipe that's quick and easy to whip up! I added about 1/2 teaspoon each of ground cloves, ground ginger, and all spice to give it a little extra, since I left out the butter. I'll make these again!

