We enjoyed this version of Vienna Schnitzel and I would make it again--A tip you might try--After coating the meat place on plate--Cover with plastic wrap and put in "Frig." for @ least 1/2 hour--The coating will stick much better--This was advice from my German Father-in-Law

Although this was good, it didn't taste anything like the schnitzel I've had at my local German restaurants. I'm going to keep looking for *the* recipe, but I will probably make this again because it was pretty tasty. Thanks!

Great recipe

This was nice, but the recipe as written used way too much breadcrumbs. Could have got away with only 1/3 the amount listed. Served this with a salad and potato for a quick and easy dinner.

Had schnitzel in Vienna many times and this is very authentic.

Son's a very picky eater but he loves these. Doesn't believe he's eating pork, lol  - that good! I used a half-cup of milk here on my second time around with this recipe so I could get a good healthy dunking for all the pieces. Also did 1 cup bread crumbs and 1 cup Panko for a little more crispiness. Use a countdown timer or your fitbit for the two-minute intervals and they'll come out perfect if your oil temp is right.

Try using 1/2 C of flour.  1C had a lot left over.

Made these for a dinner party at my house. One of my guests was from Germany and her and her hubby said they reminded them of a schnitzel they had in Austria! The Schnitzel was delicious! I followed the suggestion of adding a little paprika and garlic powder to season the pork, and let them sit in the fridge, covered for an hour or two, before frying. The batter was perfect and stuck to the schnitzel perfectly!

Good recipe - the oil was the only negative.

Cooking for one, I just eyeballed the coating/dredging ingredients. I've made this many times over the years, and I always drizzle lemon juice on both sides of the pork cutlets, while I'm getting everything ready - infuses a light, fresh flavor to the meat. Then, I put the cutlets in the fridge for 30 minutes. I fry  them in vegetable oil AND butter! Have a fresh lemon for the table! Yum!

Added some spices to the egg and milk: cayenne, lemon pepper, onion powder. Used a mix of panko and homemade breadcrumbs. Cooked 2 min on each side. Grilled onions and fried egg on top. Great meal. Want to try veal next time.

