My roommate and I LOVED this recipe. We didn't have butter, sprinkles, or white bread, so we subbed pita for the white bread, feta cheese for the butter, and chopped lamb for the sprinkles. It was so easy to make and my kids were also able to help, which I really appreciated. All in all it made for a great dinner, and I would definitely serve it to any guests. Thanks for a great, easy-to-follow recipe!

My son won't eat this as is.  But, when I toasted the bread and used peanut butter instead of butter, we had a winner!

delish!

I made this for one of my classes and i mean it was amzing i though it would be gross it is great it diffencet but it good

Good recipe but you must keep the crusts    Do not trim them  also the original butter is better to use than what was used in this recipe - Australian

I am a 22 year old college student from the USA and I love to make this for myself as a treat during exams. It is a joyful thing to eat, and is so adorable. I was made fun of by my roommates for eating "sprinkle toast" but they backtracked when I explained that it is a real dish, and I didn't just make it up, haha.  I will make this for my kids someday for sure. It is so cute and simple.

it's a good  food . it's very yummy

As a kid I made these using sugar instead of sprinkles. I just called it sugar bread. When I heard the phrase "fairy bread" and how good it was, I just had to find out what it was and try it. Only to learn I'd been eating an edited version since I was small.  Now, using gluten free bread coconut oil, I can try this childhood dessert in a new way.  I was not disappointed.

Surprisingly yummy. My kids love it too.

A kid favorite
We didn’t have white bread butter or sprinkles 
So we substituted pizza dough, marinara sauce  some basil and mozzarella cheese and then baked it in the oven for about a half hour. Was great !

My daughter LOVES fairy toast so I thought she would love fairy bread but nope.She prefers the bread toasted. I didn't think there would be much difference but I was wrong.

