Very moist, love the banana flavor! Easy to make too!

Not bad but pretty blend ! Could hardly detect the bananas taste and the peacans are just a waiste. Have even tried with roasted coconut flakes instead... but there are still better recipes than this one, sorry.

Ingredients similar to Janets banana bread on here except for the yogurt and it has more sugar. But I did not enjoy this cake. I bake a banana bread every week for our house and I thought this would be a great alternate. I felt like it was flavorless and nothing exciting to it. But other reviews are correct, all stuff in your pantry so it’s worth a try at least once. I followed recipe to the t, cook times etc were all good, again just not to my preference.

came out like banana bread.

This is a nice, moist cake with a good banana flavor.  Not having any yogurt, I substituted 3/4 cup soured milk; and used chocolate chips in place of the pecans because hello, chocolate :-)  Four very ripe bananas were just right for this recipe.  The outer edges were almost crisp, giving a not-quite-crunchy texture against the soft insides.  I will be making this one again for sure.

Loved this cake.  As some other reviewers suggested, I used less sugar, about 3/4 cup.  I also used dark chocolate chips and peanut butter chips in place of the nuts.
I will definitely make this again as I cannot let an over ripe banana be thrown away!

Lovely cake.  It's a keeper.  I used 4 bananas, 1 cup of sugar and plain 2% Greek yogurt.

Perfect !  Texture, flavor, moistness.  Added more nuts and now topping with cream cheese frosting and a sprinkle of nuts for presentation.  

So glad to have found  a keeper after trying so many other recipes.

The only thing I changed was used vanilla yogurt instead of plain, it was amazing. So moist with just the right amount of sweetness and flavor, my family ate almost half of it in one setting!! I'll definitely use it again in the future, thank you for sharing! :)

Really yummy. Made a few substitutions/additions due to what I had on hand. I used half butter/half coconut oil, used only 3/4 c. of sugar (per comments from others), vanilla greek yogurt (it's what I had on hand), and in place of the nuts I added a mixture of dried cranberries & blueberries. 50 minutes in my oven would have been too long, so I shortened the bake time to 40 minutes (glad I checked at 40 minutes!!) Cake turned out perfect and everyone loved it. I'll definitely be making this one again!

I made this for a 4th of July picnic and it was easy to make & tasted great!  Since I'm trying to decrease the amount of sugar I use when baking, 3/4 cup of sugar was used and it was sweet enough due to very ripe bananas!  I'm baking this again tonight and taking it to work in the morning.  Thanks for the recipe!!

