Since leaving my childhood home 20 years ago, I have frequently yearned for my favorite desert, haupia.  When visiting family in Hawai'i, I am on a constant search for the wiggly, creamy goodness found in this coconut treat.  When I decided to do a mini Hawaiian feast last night, I knew I had to include haupia...I found this recipe, tried it out and OMG I'm so thrilled!  The flavor is spot on, the texture perfect.  I'm in heaven!  BTW, the quality of the coconut milk you use makes all the difference.  If it doesn't taste awesome out of the can, it's not going to taste good in haupia.  I've tried no less than 10-15 different brands and have only found one that I like.

I cooked this beyond the 5 minutes because it was not getting thick enough. I cooked aprox 9 minutes. I sprinkled coconut and put it in the fridge to get hard. It never got hard. I have no clue what I did wrong, especially considering I cooked it even longer than reccomended.  I'm very disapointed.

This was a time-consuming operation because of all the stirring.  It actually took closer to 15 minutes or more to thicken.  I didn't want to scorch it.  The result was worth it, because everyone who loves coconut loved this simple custard.  It is a little plain looking because it is all white.  I'm thinking next time to dress it up with chopped pecans and toasted coconut.

After making this I loved it so much I made it again with just a few simple changes. I whipped the cornstarch and coconut milk together forming a paste before adding it to the coconut milk and sugar. I also turned the heat on high and kept stirring and whisking the milk until it started to instantly thicken and bubble. I immediately poured the pudding into individual dishes and covered them. After chilling in the refrigerator for 24 hours the pudding was firm and set. We added a few fresh raspberries and it was a cool chilled dessert.  Next time I will try a different brand coconut milk and see if that changes anything as suggested in a previous review. This is perfect for a taste of Hawaii or remembering a tropical vacation.

I have to throw it away. Not sure what I did wrong, but, it did not congeal, and it still has this powdery starchy after taste. 
This is not the first Haupia I made, but, I wanted to try this recipe as it has less ingredients. 

Well...back to the one I like. This is not for me.

It tasted fine, but it didn't set for me. It was just mush.

This didn't work at all.  The mixture bubbled and never thickened.  Also, it tasted awful :(

I love haupia. I grew up in Hawai'i and I miss it a lot. I remember the haupia pies at the bakery connected to Zippy's. I think it was called Napoleon's Bakery. This recipe was exactly what I was hoping for.

Used arrowroot instead of cornstarch and used half coconut sugar and half white sugar for the white sugar. It was yummy. will make again

This recipe was very easy to make and so tasty! I served the Haupia on a no-bake Amaretti cookie crust with roasted coconut flakes and fresh strawberries. Delicious!

Although I enjoyed this dessert, none of my guests liked it.  My mom barely got one bite down, as she didn't like the taste.  My dad liked the taste, but said he didn't like the jello-like texture.  My sister-in-law seemed to like it, but gave the disclaimer that a person would have to REALLY like coconut to enjoy it.  I had guests all weekend, and no one went back for seconds on this.  It definately is not a crowd-pleaser.

