One batch of these cookies and my husband was hovering in the kitchen eating them before I could get them off the cookie sheet!!

A couple of tips about the dough -- let it warm up a little more and it should not be so crumbly.  When you cream together the sugar, butter and egg yolk, it has to be creamy or it will be crumbly (as with any recipe).

If it is still too crumbly, put a small bowl of milk out while you roll, dip your fingers in the milk and roll the balls.  That will moisten it a bit.

KUDOS on this recipe -- I'm off to make a few hundred more -- while my husband is at work!!

The origional Austrian recipe states to roll the cookies into beaten egg whites before rolling in the nuts. I substituted  almond extract for the vanilla and also used raspberry jam. The dough like others, was very dry and crumbly even after whipping the butter well. add 1 TBS milk at a time until you get the right consistancy. (I added 2 TBS of milk) and that did the trick. Dough was not sticky and easy to work with. these cookies are meant to be about "bite sized".

This is my favorite Christmas cookie of all time. I still have my original hand written index card version of the recipe taken from Family Circle magazine, 12/15/1978. This is the exact same recipe and it's perfect. 

I've made countless batches of them and I'd just like to add a couple of notes based on many years of experience making them. 

First, when you separate out the egg yolk to use in the cookie dough, save the egg white. When you form the dough into balls, beat the white lightly and dip the the balls into the egg white before rolling them in finely chopped almonds. If you can find them, use sliced, blanched almonds with the brown skins removed. They are much more attractive, in my opinion. 

The time and temperature in the recipe are correct, but I like to take mine out of the oven when they just barely begin to show color, which is probably a minute or two earlier. They are not nearly as good if they are overly browned or beginning to dry out. 

Made properly, these cookies will stay fresh much longer than most cookies and don't crumble or break very easily, which makes them a perfect choice for shipping or giving to friends over the holiday season. 

Don't try to flatten the dough balls much when you make the thumbprint. They are prettier when they remain rounded.

I was very excited to see this recipe since it is so festive and a diversion from chocolate. I  followed the recipe and ended up with a very stiff dough. I  almost just threw it out, since I  figured I must have done something wrong. I  let it warm up, had to paint each cookie disc in milk, dip it in ground nuts, and used strawberry rhubarb fruit spread for the dollop. I  give it four stars, but a basic thumbprint cookie is much easier to prepare.

A family favorite  (John John)  for 40 years!

My daughter and I followed the recipe but it stayed crumble after putting in fridge. It would not roll or vform in ball, the almonds did not stick to the dough.  Could not even bake it.

Made exactly as directed, i had to look up specific directions on creaming butter and sugar. I used room temperature butter that i had left on counter for a few hours and i used a hand mixer on low speed for about 6 minutes -the butter/ sugar was fluffy. I used a small cookie scoop and cut each scoop in half. I then rolled cookie balls in egg white and then almonds and i used the end of a wooden spoon to make depressions. The only place i differed with recipe was to use a blueberry ginger jam that we bought on vacation. They came out fabulous! Made 56 cookies.

So simple! Shortbread like cookies. I didn't have any difficulties blending the flour with butter -had to be persistent until it became smooth. Refrigerating for one hour is long enough I believe. Substituted almond extract and reduced sugar cherry jam.

I really liked this cookie, it was good!  I did have trouble with the dough, it was very crumbly.  I should've read the previous reviews about whipping the sugar and butter mixture.  I also used the egg white as glue for the chopped almonds.  I only baked for 15 minutes, let cool and they were perfect.  Nice, golden,  and a little, crumbly.  I will make it again next time with a these modifications!

It's a cold and wintery night here, decided to make a new cookie. HOLY MOLY this recipe is delicious!!! It's so similar to those Knorr's shortbread jam filled cookies. The only adjustments I made, from reading reviews, I whipped and I mean WHIPPED UP the eggs butter and vanilla before slowly adding flour and also only chilled for 1 hour. They are moist and kept their shape very well. I baked them at 300 degrees for 15 mins. When I pulled them out they barely looked done, however, once cooled they are perfect! I also used homemade strawberry rhubarb jam, yum!

I've made this recipe for over 2 decades and it's the most inconsistent I have.  I always roll the dough into 24 balls before refrigerating, else it's identical.  Some years they come out as perfect little toasty almond bird nests, other years they splay out and the jam spills.  Just can't figure out what it'd take to perfect these.
Tasty, but unreliable for use in cookie swap.

