We actually got a similar recipe to this with the same name from German friends who claim it is a German tradition. Their recipe is a little different and they separate the egg yolk and white, and mix the yolk in with the sugar, then milk, then flour and beat the egg whites until they are stiff and fold them in to the batter along with the raisins. This makes the pancakes very light and fluffy.
They serve the "German Pancakes" with icing sugar and lemon juice. Delicious!

I tried this recipe for Kaiserscharrn and it was not that good.  I used it because it was quicker to mix up but without beating the egg whites it is missing the right texture for Kaiserscharrn.   The finished product should like random sized nuggets of pancake and not ribbons like this one makes

If you cook it with the lid on, then it puffs up almost as if you had beat the egg whites separately and folded them in.  This helps keep it light and fluffy. Flip once the pancake starts to set on the top.

It is a very good recipe, easy to make, not too sweet, and I would have probably loved it on a cold winter night.  But in the heat of summer it is very good, but not homemade ice cream.  I paired with lingonberries I found online for a good price.

I tried this recipe for Kaiserscharrn and it was not that good.  I used it because it was quicker to mix up but without beating the egg whites it is missing the right texture for Kaiserscharrn.   The finished product should like random sized nuggets of pancake and not ribbons like this one makes

Hi there. Austriaphiles.Just got back from Carinthia, and felt moved to give this recipe a try.
Despite being a newbie at this cooking game, I even made my own peach (actually 'paraguyos') compote.
The preparation is time consuming, so organise yourself well in advance.
Flipping the pancake is not as easy as you think. Had to cut it into quarters and then flip them individually.
Might also have put the gas on a bit high, so next time a minute less on 'side one'.
For a first attempt, it tasted good, but looked a bit too 'bronzed' in places. If the restaurant in Klagenfut had dished up the same thing, I would have sent it back.....However.... overall pleased with myself. Regards from sunny Spain.

Even a true Bavarian admitted that was an excellent Kaiserschmarrn! Thank you!

This is really good and so easy!  The best new recipe I've come across lately.

I tried this in Munich for the first time a few years back while I was there on business. This recipe is superb ! I prefer it with nothing but powdered sugar, but I am not a big berry guy.

Anyway, try it,,, its delicious and quite easy to make.
 it,,, its deliciuos and quite easy to make.

My fiance and I love German/Austrian stuff so found and tried this.  I actually made it for breakfast, not dessert.  No rum on hand, but had it with fresh berries, syrup, and nutella.  Schmeckt mir gut!  Thank you for posting!

amazing, very tasty

