Oh my, this is the best!!! Absolutely beautiful to place on any table. Easy to make and soooo impressive to serve.
Thanks for sharing this recipe. Don't be intimidated by this recipe, its easy and well worth the effort.

I have made pavlovas for years and was keen to try this but it was a disaster, I knew it was going to spread because after adding the chocolate it lost it's stiff texture and became too soft and it spread like a big pancake, can anyone let me know why this might have happened.

This recipe is amazing. I halved it, but it still worked perfectly. Next time I might make the meringue a little bit thicker. I added some melted chocolate to the whipped cream and it was delicious. I also used kiwi and strawberries on top and they both went well with the meringue and cream. This was an overall success!

I made it just as indicated, but mine was not as high as the one in the picture. today was very humid, so maybe that was part of the issue. I noticed several others complained of the same thing in their comments. I will try again as it was tasty.

I have found that the trick to making Pavlova is that you are done mixing if you turn the bowl upside down and nothing comes out, then it is ready to be baked.

5

It was awesome,everyone loved it. I think the trouble some of you ran into is the cocoa powder is mixed into the egg whites.  The melted chocolate is drizzled over the fruit.

This is a luscious, "pretty-to-look-at" dessert...I will definitely make this again.

This deserves 100 stars; it is sooooooo insanely good!  Taking other reviewers' advice, I ground some chocolate chips in a food processor vs melting the chocolate.  I also used lemon juice instead of vinegar.

If you're used to a traditional Pavolva, then this will disappoint--the chocolate does cause it to spread a little, so the result doesn't have the same height, and it has a bit more of a chewy texture than the classic take.  But if you don't mind something a little different--and very chocolatey--then, this is perfect!  To help minimize spreading, allow your chocolate to cool completely after melting, then lighten it a bit by folding a few spoonfulls of the egg-white mixture into the chocolate before folding the chocolate itself into the egg whites.  I also cut the recipe in half and used 1/2 cup superfine baker's sugar and 3 packets of stevia instead of the original sugar measurement.  I baked it for 1 hour at 275, let it cool completely, then cut it into wedges and served it in dessert-cups topped with Italian meringue (our replacement for whipped cream, since we don't eat dairy) and macerated berries.  The results were gone in minutes.  Thank you for the awesome recipe!

I thought it was a bit chewy but no one else seemed to notice. It was a real hit with the family. thank you!

