Abs fab! Light, oh! so light an egg bread! On the advices of several people, I used half the recipe. I also proofed the yeast and let the dough rise one extra time. Delicious! Feathery! A keeper!

Yuck! After all the time I spent on this bread I was VERY disappointed on the outcome.  I followed the recipe exacally, but it didn't taste at all good.  My husband didn't care for it either, but my daughter ate it with LOTS of butter.   Definatly watch the cooking time-it does NOT take 40 mins. to bake.  Considering all the other reviews I coundn't wait to try this bread, but I will not be making this one again--not worth all that time at all.

Amazing, light and fluffy. I only baked it for 25 minutes @375. My house smells so good!💕

This made my house smell amazing, it has great flavor and is so full of protein. But - it is HUGE. I used a 9x13 pan and it just kept growing. Lol

I doubled the recipe, using instant yeast, so I was able to put everything into mixing bowl together at same time and the best part? Only one rise for 20 minutes+ the time it took oven to reach baking temp. I used one baking sheet for each loaf, rotating pans during baking, and using foil for tenting tops when browned. The recipe is not written for today's efficient ovens. Do check loaf at 20-25 minutes. It is a plain bread that relies on its toppings or soak like french toast to make it shine. If I make this again, I will use half chicken broth/water for the water. Why? My heirloom family recipe for similar bread does same. This resolves the salt issue. The texture is like an airy sponge. It's beautiful! If you ended up with a dry, crumbly or pasty bagel texture...it's not the recipe's fault. The loaf size is the same as what I remember of childhood, but you could get 2 braided loaves of more standard size from this recipe. I choose to make the gigantic single loaf because it looks glorious. You just need 2 gallon sized Ziploc to package it. I would only give it top stars if the cook time and flavoring (adding broth) were edited.

This recipe came from someone in Hawaii of all places, interesting.  I say this because it's the closest egg bread to the one I remember from childhood that was bought from a popular Jewish bakery.   Although the crust is similar, theirs was more billowy, like cotton and had a more buttery taste.  Perhaps the difference would be to add a bit more fat but still as is, I would say this recipe is classic.   As shown in the photo it produced 3 small loafs (2 in different sized loaf pans.) I increased the salt by ½ t, used extra-large eggs (one had a double yolk) and otherwise used olive oil instead of vegetable.  Baked time was 25 mins (which started as the oven heated to temp. having interrupted after 10 mins to re-egg wash the tops and sprinkle the 1 with seeds.) Next time I will swap out the water for milk as well the oil for butter and make 2 fuller loaves and a couple of buns instead.  That said, this recipe can easily be cut in half.

Nice bread.  However, this was enough for two loaves, not one.  So I split it and made two loaves and cooked only 20 minutes, and it turned out perfect.

This is my absolutely FAVORITE bread now!  It is like a dream.  Okay, it DOES make a huge loaf, but it is GLORIOUSLY huge and we love it, and, you know, Challah is a Festival Bread, so celebrate!  We make it into a four-strand braid so that the "knobs" are smaller.  It is fabulous out of the oven:  you tear off a knob and butter it, it has a soft-crunch crust, and the lightest interior.  But the BEST part, I think, is that it keeps for WEEKS in the fridge, and you just tear off knobs for dinner, wrap them loosely in tinfoil, warm them 10 or 15 minutes in a 400 oven until the edges crisp up again, serve them with real butter, and they are a melt-in-your-mouth DREAM.  THANK YOU FOR THIS AWESOME RECIPE!!!!  (SMOOCH SMOOCH!!!! :-)  And to think we first tried it as a way to use up extra eggs....  p.s.  We use 2 cups of King Arthur Whole Wheat Flour and the rest Pillsbury All-Purpose, a great combination.  DONE AFTER 30 MINUTES IN OVEN.

I made this twice.   First time was awful, threw it out.  2nd time not much better.   Was too crumbly and had no taste.    With the price of eggs these days, I won’t try it again.

This was soooo easy to make! Yes, there’s a decent rise time, but no biggie - just plan ahead. But this made a MASSIVE and BEAUTIFUL loaf! I mean LOOK at this thing! ????

It rose much faster than expected

