I made this for Easter brunch and it was gone within 10 minutes! Beautiful, easy, and delicious. Everyone said it was the best ever. A few hints, though: (1) If this is your first time making merengue, you might want to be prepared to do it over. It's not hard, but precise: absolutely no yolk, and beat on high until glossy. (2) the easiest way to dust the pan with cornstarch is to place pan in a bag, add a couple of tablespoons of corn starch and shake - you'll have to wipe off the outside of the pan, though. (3) I've started adding a few new toppings every time I make pavlova and the biggest hit has been kiwi, strawberries, and blueberries, with a little chocolate drizzle (equal parts butter and chocolate chips, melted).  So good!

This tasted too "eggy" for us.

Absolutely delish!! I loved it!!

I made it exactly as instructed by ingredients but I didn’t use a springform pan I just traced a circle on parchment paper and formed my meringue by using a spatula to build up the wall edge.  The shape held up perfectly while baking and it was a huge success.  I used ganache to add a little drippings down the side and a little more on the berries. It was very beautiful, I’ll attach a picture.

Couldn't find my mother's Pavlova recipe so I tried this one. Don't tell my mother, but I prefer this recipe. The center is beautifully soft like a lemon meringue while the outside is firm and chewy. Absolutely delicious!

excellent. i put it on parchment paper , traced a 9 inch circle as a guide, instead of a springform  pan.

Best recipe ever!

Fantastic!   Had dinner party last week including a couple of fussy eaters - this was the one desert that was entirely devoured!  Very easy -my daughter who is not a fruit lover dripped melted chocolate over the whipped cream and we put a bowl of berries on the side for those so inclined- making this again right now for a friends party!

Perfect every time.

Yum. That's all I can say about this easy, elegant and tasty desert. Works great with a big dollop of cream and tons of fresh raspberries.

This tasted too "eggy" for us.

