this is a classic hawaiian dessert and a great recipe.  i am from hawaii and have had countless chocolate haupia pies, the most famous are from ted's bakery, but thought this tasted even better.  my husband doesn't like whipped cream, so i actually made it without that and it was still very good.  the only thing was after being in the fridge for a few days, the coconut top started to brown on the edges, but i cut it off and it tasted as good as ever.  do be careful how much chocolate you use, i didn't think the recipe called for enough so i added 1/4c more and the chocolate flavor was very strong.  this pie should have a very light and creamy flavor.  i also used a premade graham cracker crust and that turned out very well, it didn't compete with the pie's flavors, but really enhanced it.  i noticed others complained about the gelatinous texture of the coconut pudding - FYI, haupia is SUPPOSED to look like that, so have no fear.  haupia is a coconut dessert that is often called pudding but thick enough to cut into squares, almost like jello.  i know the recipe says to refrigerate for an hour but i would chill in the fridge for at least 4.  i say this because when i sampled a piece of pie after one hour, i noticed the texture of the haupia was slightly lumpy and still a little warm.  after a few hours in the fridge, the haupia and chocolate pudding was smooth in consistency.

Not the greatest, and not a lot of flavor. Only change: used milk and coconut extract instead of coconut milk. Also topped with toasted coconut. It had a strange texture, but was a LOT better after chilling for a few hours. I guess after only one hour, it hadn't had enough time to set.

If I could give this more than 5 stars I definately would. I was looking for a great chocolate pie then I came across this and made it being that I love coconut too. The only thing I did different was to toast some coconut for the top along with some hershey bar shavings on top also.The filling did turn out to be enough for two pies which I gave one to my neighbor. I wish I wouldn't of. If I would of known how good this was I would of ate them both. This is now my favorite recipe.

I made this exactly as the recipe directed and it was not good. It was so overpoweringly sweet I could barely eat any of it. The rest of my family thought so as well. You could easily cut the sugar in half.

I multiplied this recipe by 22 for a Luau party for 200 and was able to make 30 pies.  The recipe worked great!

Just like eating Haupia in Hawaii. This recipe makes two pies. I also like to grate chocolate bars and add the shavings to the top of the pies.

I made this pie once. My kids call it almond joy pie. At family gatherings they ask for this pie. My only change was adding 1/4 cup almond slivers to the pie. My whole family loves

I think it could use some coconut extract, found it a bit light on the coconut flavour, and heavy on the chocolate

instead of using regular milk, can you use homemade coconut milk? I shred my own coconuts and strain them to make coconut milk but was wondering if it would throw off the consistency or if it would mess with anything else. If somebody could let me know that'd be awesome!

Nice easy recipe and tasty pie. Hubby requested a chocolate and coconut pie like he got from Ted's Bakery in Hawaii on our honeymoon 5 years ago for his birthday dinner tonight! We were both happy with how it turned out

Delicious! I was out of cornstarch so I substituted the 1/2 cup of that for a full cup of sifted flour.  Yum!

