I made fabulous sticky buns out of this dough.  Put in bread machine on dough cycle.  Roll out into a rectangle, spread with filling: 1/2c soft butter, 1/4c flour, 3/4c brown sugar, 1T cinnamon mixed together.  Roll-up and cut into 1" slices.  Spray 2 pans (9x13 each) with Pam.  Spread caramel topping in pans:  1c melted butter, 1+1/2c brown sugar, 1/2c corn syrup.  Sprinkle chopped macadamia nuts and coconut over topping.  Put rolls in pans, cover and let rise until double (30 - 40 min).  Bake at 350 for 30 to 35 min.  Let cool in pans 5 min, turn over onto a platter or cookie sheet covered with parchment and let caramel run over rolls before removing the pan.  Seriously decadent...people are begging for more.

This sounded great and everyone seemed to love it by the reviews so maybe I only thought I followed the recipe to a "T".  It overflowed my 1 1/2lb bread machine pan and ruined the maker entirely with burning all over the interior so the machine is now in the trash and I have to buy a new one.  Be aware while trying the recipe

I'm rating on texture and flavor.  The only thing I did differently was add about 1/4 c more milk because dough was really dry and 2.25 tsp yeast because it seemed wrong.
The bread was very good in terms of look and texture.  That said there was just no banana or coconut flavor.  It was like a very good white bread.  It seemed like a lot of dif ingredients to get to that end.  
Again made a tasty and beautiful WHITE BREAD, but no flavor from banana or coconut came through.
My bread machine  is a Cuisianrt 100bk, I chose 2#, med crust on basic/white setting.  
The ingredients go from wet to dry and yeast in the flour well on top.

Made this loaf on dough cycle, baked in the oven for 35 minutes @ 350 degrees with A tin foil tent at the last !  Ham and cheese sandwiches this week in my lunch box!!  This Bread is perfect !!!!!!

This bread is so good! Made a few times and it was great without changing anything

This is a very close replica in texture and flavor to King’s brand. I didn’t have coconut extract, so I substituted coconut oil for some of the butter. I’m buying the extract before I make it again, just to compare, but I was very happy with the coconut oil this time. I made this by hand and baked it in a big bread pan with an egg wash on top for that shiny look. I had to bake it closer to 40 minutes because the loaf was so big. Thanks for a great recipe. This is definitely going into my regular rotation.

I made this bread in the oven and it came out absolutely delicious! The only changes I made were using coconut milk instead of regular and changing the coconut extract to vanilla. I put everything into the kitchen aid stand mixer bowl, used the dough hook and let it go for a few minutes. (I did put the yeast into the milk with a pinch of sugar and let it sit for about 10 minutes while I was putting everything else into the bowl.) I let it sit for 1.5 hours, “punched” it down, put it into a 9x5 loaf pan and let it sit for another 1.5 hours. (It doubled in size the second go around.) I then baked at 350 for ~30 minutes. It came out perfect. I can’t believe how much it tastes like Kings Hawaiian. I was very skeptical about that but it does. (We tasted them side by side and while the homemade does taste better, it really is a close call.) Thank you so much for this recipe! For those without a bread machine, do not worry...you don’t need one to make this awesome bread!

This is the first recipe that ever worked in my bread machine that I was wanting to return to the manufacturer because 4 times the bread was awful & never rose to a full loaf.
These companies put the fear of God in you by telling you that you MUST add the ingredients exactly how they prescribe--as in, don't let the yeast come into contact with the wet ingredients!!  How crazy!  How can the yeast work if it can't come into contact with liquid?
Bread was great!  I used coconut milk & pineapple juice (didn't have crushed pineapple).  Can't remember if this recipe called for an egg or not, but I added a small egg.
So happy to have found this recipe!  I even sent it to the bread machine manufacturer & told them to use it in their recipe book. Thanks Teresa!!

The amount of yeast called for in this recipe was definitely not enough leavening for the heaviness of all that flour, mashed bananas, AND crushed pineapples.  As a result, this turned out unappetizingly dense.  I should have made the King Arthur's version instead.  This was a complete waste of time, effort, and ingredients.

It sounds wonderful, but I wish everyone wouldn't assume that we all use bread makers. :(

Living in Canada I had never had King Hawaiian Bread but was intrigued by it as everyone raves about it. I used the light setting with 3 lb loaf and had no overflow issue, the crust was still quite dark but there is quite a bit of sweetners in the recipe so that is probably why. I used coconut milk for plain as I had no extract, and 1/2 cup mashed potato since I had no flakes. The bread is very soft and has a nice crumb but there is no discernable banana, pineapple or coconut flavour.  I brushed the loaf with butter as soon as I removed from the machine to have a soft outer crust. Good bread but I doubt I would make again.

