I really liked this recipe, but I think the baking time was too long.  I think it should be more like 12-15 minutes.  I made a few changes to the recipe-- The batter seemed a little too moist and gooey, so I added a little extra flour.  Also, I substituted light corn syrup for the golden syrup (I didn't have golden syrup-- in fact, I've never heard of it).  And lastly, I added a tsp of almond flavoring.  I'll add this recipe to my collection!

Somehow, I managed to mess up the recipe and the cookies molded into one giant cookie in the oven and it looked really gross. However, I brought the mass cookie to a college class for a presentation to prove that I tried, and everyone LOVED the flavor. The cookie was not attractive, but DELICIOUS none the less and a hit! The dough itself is wonderful before it's baked. Just make sure you follow the directions exactly and hopefully you'll have better luck. :)

So good!  We all enjoyed these.  I followed the recipe as written other than subbing honey for golden syrup.  I used a 1" scoop to shape the cookies.

...

The mix is quite crumbly and doesn't stick together well (exact quantities were used).

Aside from that, the taste of the cookies was bland - no real flavor apart from a mildly sweet taste.

Very disappointing.

I made these for my Australian husband and he loved them!

Sorry, but I didn't think these were that good.  I have never had these kind of 'biscuits' before so maybe that is why?  I was looking for a cookie recipe that called for melted butter because I didn't want to wait for my butter to soften and I don't have a microwave.  They didn't have much flavor despite the almonds and tasted really sweet and bland.  Maybe they could use a pinch of salt to bring out the flavor and some almond extract?  Anyway, I probably won't try them again.

I love these biscuits!  I even made a batch for my professor who is from New Zeland and she got so excited when she saw them.  She ate the whole batch within a couple of days!  She said they reminded her of home...that was the best complement that I could ever get!

I tampered with this recipe a great deal (mainly due to poor math skills and an excess of unwanted food provisions), but the finished product was wonderful!

Instead of rolled oats, I used ground bran flakes, which, in combination with the syrup, made this delightfully gooey center surrounded by a crispy, butter crust. As for the "golden syrup" I decided to mix 1/2 honey and 1/2 maple syrup. Of course, in doing so, I accidently doubled the amount of the "golden syrup" in the recipe. =/ 
I subsituted Splenda for the sugar, and other than that, it was the same. Haha. =)

The cookie/biscuits were so good they were gone nearly as soon as my family discovered the pan!

In all my years of cooking ANZAC's I never thought of including almonds in the recipe but they really do work well.   The only changes I made where to add a little more liquid to the batter, use hand chopped almonds and to reduce the cooking time to 12-15 mins. They tasted nice and very anzac'y although next time I would include some dessicated coconut as to me they did not taste quite complete without it. Thankyou Allison, this recipe is definately worth trying.

Somehow, I managed to mess up the recipe and the cookies molded into one giant cookie in the oven and it looked really gross. However, I brought the mass cookie to a college class for a presentation to prove that I tried, and everyone LOVED the flavor. The cookie was not attractive, but DELICIOUS none the less and a hit! The dough itself is wonderful before it's baked. Just make sure you follow the directions exactly and hopefully you'll have better luck. :)

