If you use a homemade 9" pie crust it fills it up and mounds just beautifully.  I added extra cherries and walnuts to the top and shaved a little chocolate on top for decoration.  It's very rich so cut it in small pieces!  If you're really into "death by sweetness" drizzle a little chocolate syrup over the top when you serve it!  It's delicious!

I made this last night for a group of 12 & it was "okay". I followed recipe exactly & the pie was in the fridge for about 8 hours. When I took it out to cut it, it was pretty runny. It tasted okay, but I don't think I would make again.

Excellent!!  Light and fluffy.  The only changes I made were adding a brick of cream cheese, due to the reviews of being thin and runny.  I also used a 10" Graham cracker pie crust and switched out pecans for the walnuts.  Be sure to strain your pineapples in a strainer for about 10 minutes and pat dry with paper towel.  Complete hit.  I will definitely be making this again!!

Delicious one of my favorite

This is an easy pie.  Make sure all your fruit is drained completely, the cool whip is thawed out and your pie crust has cooled down before filling and you won't have any problems with the pie being runny.

I made this tonight thinking I could serve it after I made dinner but, that wasn't the case. I didn't use any nuts since my family doesn't care for them. It still hasn't completely set up yet and I did drain and squeeze out the juice. That's ok though I just had to invite my brother back over for dinner again tomorrow.  Hopefully it will be ready then. The filling tastes very good,  sweet but good :) **UPDATE ** I had extra filling leftover and since it wasn't setting I put a cup of it in the freezer. It made delicious ice cream!! I highly recommend saving some to freeze!

Great easy & simply recipe! Used pecans instead of walnuts and used a ready made graham cracker crust. There was a lot of extra so we ate it in a bowl w/o pie shell. Was nearly enough for another pie!

I made this and my family loved it.  Making it again this week.

Very tasty!!!! I also added 8 oz of cream cheese and mixed it in with the sweetened condensed milk!

This was delish! The only changes I made was swap the walnuts with pecans and didn't add the cherries. I chilled mine overnight so that way the filling will settle before I cut into it. But I got a lot of compliments on it!!

This is my favorite pie from childhood. Love it! I used a graham cracker crust.

