I used fresh pinapple for these and made the mistake of putting the chicken and pinapple on the skewers the night before and marinating.  When we ate them the chicken was pasty on the inside.  I think it was because the enzyme in the fresh pineapple ate away at the chicken all night.  I would recommend marinating the chicken and the pineapple in separate containers and then putting on skewers at the last minute if you are using fresh pinapple.  Otherwise it was delicious.

I marinated the chicken and shrimp for 8 hours with this recipe.  It turned the chicken and shrimp so mushy that we had to through it out and order delivery.  Ruined the barcecue and we had to throw away 200 dollars in food.  If you try this recipe make sure to only marinate it for 2 hours at most.  I have marinated chicken over night over 100 times and never had a problem.  I don't know if it is because the pieces are cubed or the marinate isn't good but using fresh pineapple and ingredients, following this to a tee, I wasted a ton of time and it was a disaster.  I wish I knew what went wrong.  I am thinking that protein and pineapple do NOT belong marinated together for a long time.  Recipe says "at least 2 hours" I wouldn't go 1 minute over and cross your fingers...

I added some bell peppers for color. I marinated them all together for 2 hours and I did notice there were a couple of pieces of chicken that were slightly mushy, next time I will marinate them for a shorter time...serve with Frank's hot chili sauce...

I made this recipe and I paid close attention to the reviews that talked about the chicken being mushy after marinating it too long.  I was careful not to marinade it for longer than 2 hours.  Needless to say, the chicken was mushy anyway.  There is something wrong with this marinade that reacts with the chicken.  Do not make this as it will ruin your chicken.  I made this for a special Labor Day BBQ and we ended up throwing most of the chicken away.

Made this recently. I followed the recipe exactly except I marinated the chicken and pineapples in separate bowls. It was super easy to put together and filled with wonderful flavor! The chicken was tender and delicious! This one is a keeper.

I served this to our friends, who loved it that it was not as sweet as some marinade sauces. Took others advice, so I made a double batch of marinade and only marinated the chicken in one, added slices of bell peppers and onion in the other batch and then added pineapple and mushrooms at the end of marinade  time ( 2 hours) - just to toss with the sauce. Drained both marinades into a pot with a tablespoon of cornstarch (mix in while cold) and a 1/4 cup of the pineapple juice to cook and thicken. Threaded all ingredients on skewers and threw them on the BarBQ. Served over rice with the heated /thickened marinade sauce and it was yummy !!!

Very Good!  I made some pork kabobs and shrimp kabobs using the same marinade,  all were good!

Keep the pineapple separate from the chicken.  I marinated it for over a day but the chicken wasn't as flavorful as I thought it would be.

I made this tonight and used all the ingredients, but didn't measure them, just winged it.  I cut the chicken into about 1-1/2" cubes.  I also used all the liquid from the canned pineapple for the marinade. Turned out well!  I took others' advice and marinated the chicken and pineapple in separate containers.  After putting the chicken and pineapple on separate skewers, I thickened the marinade FROM THE PINEAPPLE with some cornstarch and used the mixture to glaze both while grilling them.  Served with white rice, and will make again! :)  BTW, use canned pineapple, not fresh.

I used rice vinegar instead of sherry

These were awesome we put them in a flour tortilla with zoodles and grilled jalapeños the best! As for the recipe I read it made the marinade to roughly the same measurements given... Marinade for 4 hours and hubby cooked them with hickory pellets on his grill.... the best tacos I have had in a very long time. Only bummer is there was not enough for seconds... AND IT WAS TACOS.. so we will be having these again

