Very very fattening and filling, but oh so good, it's difficult to pass on a slice, reminds me of Hawai'i. The recipe is similar to the Phillippine Bibingka. Keep the recipe as is; however, instead of using 3 cups of milk, use a can of coconut milk and a can of evaporated milk and minus the coconut flakes. Custardy, creamy, and aromatic. The Chinese also have a similar recipe called "gau."

This came out weird. I used glutinous rice flour (as stated in the recipe - 1st ingredient) - I couldn't find mochiko flour itself and thought they were the same thing? It came out  rubbery and slightly sticky. Is that normal? I had a choice of rice flour or glutenous rice flour at the store and now I wonder if I made the wrong choice? I'm  totally confused at this point and since I've never had mochi, I have no idea if this worked well or not. As for flavor, it's okay but not super flavorful.

Yum! I love butter mochi already and was excited/terrified to make it myself. Terrified because then it would be too accessible to eat!Recipe was easy. I used salted butter, freaked out but it turned out fine. Didn’t have a 9x13 so I used an 9x9, 5.5x5.5 & 4.5x7 to make cute little cakes. Better to pour batter only 1/2 way- it rose a little and I got butter on the floor of the oven. It still has a nice chewy center on the shorter (less full) pan. Also took longer in the oven, I just waited for golden brown, around 1hr 15 on the biggest pan.

Taste just like my favorite butter mochi in Hawaii!

I made it twice. Cut the recipe in half. Use only 1 cup of sugar. Use a 8x8 baking pan lined with parchment paper.  Use half cup of sweet coconut flake in the final stir, I added3/4 teaspoon of almond extract.  Blended well and only use 2 eggs.  After pouring in pan take 4-5 tablespoons of shredded coconut and lightly sprinkle over top of mixture. What they don't tell you is this is a butter rich greasy cake, when it cooks the butter seem to float to the top, sides and bottom. Set oven 350. 45 to 50 minutes check for a nice golden brown. Then let cool in the open shut off oven for at least 30 minutes or more.  Use a sharp knife and cut into the picture pieces, more semi crunchy chewy crust hint of almond taste of coconut and real uwee gooeey mochi texture and taste. Can store in airtight container (do not put in fridge) for 2 days if it last that long.OISHI

Loved this recipe I used the rice flour but I put pineapple in mine turned out good it looks burned along the sides but it’s not I will make this again

YUM!!! I actually made this in my AIR FRYER last night and it was SO good and successful! I used the 3 serving recipe, just one egg, no shredded coconut, and 1% milk. At first I baked at the regular 350 degrees for about 10 minutes then decided to switch to 325. The top was dark but didn't taste burnt at all, the sides had a slight crispiness and overall it was just DELICIOUS. My boyfriend loved it too and he's not big on sweets. I'm going to make another batch today since I just finished the last bite and it just wasn't enough! :P I loved it so much I made an account just to write a review LOL thank you for the great recipe!

This is a great recipe for mochi cake. My mother in law is from Kauai and this is just like hers. It’s easy to make, tastes onolicious, and is great to bring for potluck or a bake sale!

OMG its sooo good, I used the Mochiko sweet rice flour, doubled the coconut and followed the tip about substituting the milk for evaporated milk, sea salt and coconut milk. Baked for only 50 minutes. Its perfect!

I made changes as one of the reviewer, replacing 3 cups of milk with coconut milk and evaporated milk to make up 3 cups. And cut the sugar to 2 cups and add 1 tsp of salt since I used unsalted butter.

instead of 3 cups milk, i used 1.5 of milk and 1.5 of coconut milk (if you can find Chaokoh brand, use that!). I also only used 2 cups of sugar (raw Florida Crystals), and it was plenty sweet! I make mine with whatever glutinous rice flour is cheapest and Mochiko isn't always it! I love how the sugar rises to the top and makes a crunchy crust! Bake this the full hour in the 9x13 pan, and let cool completely before cutting. Better the 2nd and 3rd day. Broke da mouth.

