This is a great recipe. I am from Eastern Europe so we made these growing up, but this recipe is actually much better than the one we had. The cookies are supposed to be dry when they come out of the oven, but they soften with time. That's why we always made these a couple of weeks before Christmas. The dough was very easy to work with and the cookies came out looking great. They didn't puff up at all. They are very tasty as well. The trick to get them soft faster after they are assembled is to put them in an air-tight container with a few apple pieces overnight.  Thank you for a great recipe.

I thought this recipe sounded interesting but have to say I was VERY disappointed.  An avid baker, perhaps my taste is too picky, but I found this cookie very dry (following the recipe exactly).  The flavors were great but the thick crust, using half of the dough, really distracted from the result.  Perhaps a thinner crust, altering the amounts to make it more moist, or something else.  As I said, the flavor of the dough was GREAT, it was just too dry.  (Perhaps that is the way it is supposed to be...)  Thanks for taking the time to share your recipe.

These were amazing & pretty.  Thank you for sharing!

It was time consuming but worth it. Cookies came out very nice. Not too much problem with the dough. Everyone loves them. My wife said they are very similar to the one’s her Very German mother made her as a child.

This recipe was quite good, the dough was a bit wet so had to refrigerate for half an hour and then use quite a bit of flour to roll it out. I made cookies and filled them with jam and lemon curd. 
(I read somewhere that Linzer cookies only use egg yolk. Curious to see how that turns out.)

Delicious cookie and easy instructions! I loved this cookie on my first try!

I love the sound of this recipe and as a world class chef in New York I can't wait to make this at my Mc donald's restaurant

These cookies are one of our family's favorites. They are a lot of work, so I have to dole them out one by one so they aren't inhaled in one sitting.

I find most importantly, once the cookies are assembled, let them sit covered in an airtight container for three days. This allows them to soften and the flavors to mellow. They won't taste that great immediately, but in 3 days check back. Yum!

They ended up being bars that fell apart when I cut them up.

Excellent recipe, dough was easy to work with, baked results are perfect.  The almond and spices in the cookies have the authentic taste I was hoping for.  I have tried several variations on this recipe and this one is my favorite.  It has the taste of your favorite Austrian bakery.  This one goes into my permanent, make it every year,  file.

David
Munich, Germany

I make these every year at Christmas time for gifts and for my family.  I decided to try a new recipe this past Christmas, and this is by far the best one ever!  To make things easier, I used almond flour (or meal) by Red Mill.  Also, to make cutting out the cookies easier, I rolled it out between two sheets of waxed paper, then stuck that in the fridge for about a half hour.  Cutting and transferring to cookies sheets lined with parchment was easy peasy after that!  They came out perfect, and had such a great flavor.  I used raspberry jam for the filling, first laying down a very thin layer of semi-sweet chocolate before putting jam over it, then topping with the cutout cookie.  I always sprinkle powdered sugar on the top cookies only before assembling.  This recipe is a total keeper!!!

