Delicious and oh so sweet! The recipe seems accurate, but the instructions for the caramel sauce should be clarified. Whenever you make caramel sauce, you should always cook the sugar with the butter ONLY until it reaches a "soft" ball stage - after about 5 minutes of continuous surface bubbling. Only THEN do you add the cream or milk and vanilla. You won't end up with that greasy separated mess that some have described. Serving the warm sauce over the sweet cake and a lump of vanilla ice cream is a perfect way to end a special evening's meal.

This did not turn out right for me. I do not kinow what went wrong. It was almost soupy in the middle-yet cooked for an hour. Maybe the word pudding in its name suggests that this is the correct consistency. I dont know. My grandmother was from Australia so Im always looking to replicate food she may have eaten for my mother. In any event- the highlight of the dish was the caramel sauce- so yummy. Im going to use that fron now on for ice cream etc. Thanks- I may try again.

The best recipe ever! Now my favorite!  I used real cream instead of condensed.

I love it but, I wish I read luv2cook's comment on the caramel sauce.

AMAZING RECIPE. I did take it out a minute or two early so the center sunk a bit but my husband said this is his favorite dessert I've ever made.

Delicious. Nothing like a warm dessert on a cold winter evening. I doubled the recipe, used a little less (left out  1/4 c sugar),  added a couple tbsp molasses and a pinxh of salt for colour and flavour to the sauce. Left out 1/4 cup sugar from cake as well. Mine has a slight aftertaste of baking soda so I will use a touch under a tsp next time. I served with custard and that helps with the sweetness and tastes fantastic.

I added walnuts, raisins, clove, ginger, nutmeg and cinnamon. 
Nice cake. 
My caramel isn’t thick, but that’s on me. 
I didn’t measure. 
I did take the recommendations of  another reviewer.
Melt butter and sugar til soft ball I think it was. Then add milk. 
That’s what I was taught in school. 
Stir constantly, do not over heat.

I made this recipe today and my husband and I loved it. I will definitely make it again when my kids come to visit. 
Thanks for sharing the recipe

Followed the advice of another reviewer and added more flower then made the sauce out of heavy cream, dark brown sugar, and butter. Was delicious! Definitely a rare treat.

I followed advice to use about one cup water. And I followed review suggested to caramelize brown sugar and butter for 5 minutes first before adding milk and vanilla. You will see a smooth texture arise when it has caramelized and I used a low simmer. Then a few more minutes with a whisk after adding milk and vanilla. Awesome and very similar to what we enjoyed when we lived in UK. I made it in mini loaf tins and cut loaves in half for service. Recipe made three mini loaves.

It was so delicious! Just like what I tasted in Scotland.

