I have made these as Christmas gifts every year and everyone waits for them!  My recipe is a bit different--I use almonds (very finely chopped), and 1/4 c regular sugar for the mix.  (My recipe doesn't call for vanilla bean).  I bake at a low temp (300) for about 30 minutes.  The cookies should be rolled in powdered sugar twice--the first roll does absorb, but the second stays white and fluffy.  I use a plastic bag in a bowl filled with the powdered sugar for easier rolling.  My brother used to call these "fuzzy cookies".  A great cookie no matter!

I'm only giving these 2 in case it was operator error! These cookies were dry and had NO flavor! The dough was very hard to work with also, too crumbly to really shape nicely in my opinion. I did not try chocolate dipping them, but had so much powdered sugar it was like icing so I would think they should have been fine.

These cookies have easily turned into my favorite cookie.  Someone said the dough is very crumbly and hard to work with. Yes, it is crumbly to start with, but if you work it enough it will be easier to work. I usually roll it out to about 1/8” thickness and cut it out with cookie cutter. Next time I think I am going to try pecans instead of hazelnuts, just to be different.

I've been making these cookies every Christmas for years. I originally got the recipe in one of those McCalls recipe packs. I veganize them by using a butter replacement- i find adding a tblsp or so more of the 'butter' helps when making them vegan. I also use almonds instead of hazelnuts.  I sometimes dip a batch in vegan chocolate too. A classic cookie that always gets rave reviews. No one would ever know they were vegan.

I love these cookies! But I never knew they were this easy to make. I stayed with the recipe but I used Kerrygold Irish butter. I find this butter has a richer, purer taste for baking. Also I added a tsp of almond flavoring just because I love that flavor and hey, they’re almond cookies! It didn’t make as many as it said, but maybe I made them larger. They’re so “melt in your mouth” tasty and so special for gifts or entertaining for the holidays. Thanks for sharing.

Oh wow!!! Absolutely delicious!!! Melts in my mouth!!!!

I had to add 2 Tbsp war

I recommend this recipe as is. Now, I added an extra step for the hazelnuts. I toasted them which loosened the peel a bit and roughly rubbed them in a towel to remove the loosened bits. Then, I grounded them in my blender sprinkling a bit of flour. The roasting and sprinkled flour made the whole grinding procedure a lot easier. I then made the recipe following the rest of the instructions. The cookies were tasty with an enhanced hazelnut flavor without any bitterness. My only recommendation would be please do put them in the fridge and try to handle them the least you can. These kinds of cookie dough are very grainy and to shape them successfully, you need to shape them on the cold cookie sheet. The grainy dough results from the nuts sucking all the flour and any other dry ingredient while there is no binding (emulsifying) agent like the eggs or yolks. Do roll them as the recipe calls, but finish the crescent shaping after placing the little sticks on the cookie sheet. They might look a bit skinny or a bit fat. If the former happens worry not. They will puff up while baking. If the latter happens, you can remove a bit of dough and reshape the crescent. When baking always use cold cookie sheets to prevent spreading.  If using dark cookie sheets, bake them for about 8 minutes only otherwise they might burn a bit.

I make these cookies every year but dont put in the salt...very delicious and delicate.

I find it hard to rate these. My mom makes a version of these (perhaps different regions of Europe use a different recipe-Czech oppose to German) she has yet to divulge the recipe to me. So I found this one. I made as written.. But second batch turned oven down to 325..i found the bottoms browned and the Middle was somewhat not cooked all the way. I feel that low and slow is best. Also how is the butter supposed to be incorporated?.. Cold like pastry?, melted, or softened? I chose somewhere between cold and soft.. And cut it into the flour mix. Figured that would work best as this cookie is supposed to be Flaky andmelt in your mouth. Thanks for the recipe though! These were good!

I always add just a bit more melted butter when mixing as they do tend to crumble, but these are the best tasting cookies ever. I make these with walnuts, so finely chopped in a blender. I don't use confectioners sugar at all......instead when cool, I ice them with buttercreme frosting, colored red and green for the holidays....My family waits for these cookies every year.

