I have tried MANY, MANY bread machine recipes but this one cannot be supplanted as my favorite, by far!  Every time I make it I get requests for the recipe.  When I'm feeling lazy, instead of making the rolls I just put my bread machine on the basic bread cycle and let the machine do all the work--the loaf comes out perfect every time!

I cannot believe all of the 5-star ratings on this recipe--it's SO BAD! I'm sorry, I rarely ever give anything below a 3, but these are just *that* bad ... I followed the recipe, except that I didn't have molasses, so I used more honey ... they were absolutely beautiful when they came out of the oven, and they smelled heavenly ... we couldn't wait to sit down to them! But, OMG, when you bit into them ... all we could taste was lemon extract ... We both think these would have been yummy without that extract, so I am going to try them again without it ... thanks for the recipe, but, I'm sorry ... this was just bad.  **I made the recipe w/o the lemon extract, and the rolls were GREAT ... I used honey in place of the molasses, as I did before, and I used 2 T. white sugar/3 T. dark brown sugar ... I also got to looking over the reviews, and I noticed that almost all of the 5-star reviews had left the lemon extract out for one reason or another ... I HIGHLY recommend you do the same! :)**

made as it. wonderful

I prepared the recipe and it is excellent, but I added 2 teaspoons of baking powder and replaced the molasses with honey. I also replaced the shortening with butter and powdered milk with Chantilly cream powder.

I didn’t use a bread machine bc I don’t have one. I read the reviews and skipped the lemon extract. I think next time I’ll make it with brown sugar instead of white sugar. I put the yeast and sugar and water in a bowl first then added the rest of the wet ingredients and added the flour and salt last. My 7 yo stirred until it was sticky and then we put out some flour and kneaded it for 3-5 minutes. Then I sprayed it with olive oil and put it in the microwave (after heating a cup of water) to rise. Left it for an hour came home and kneaded into little balls and then baked 350 degrees for 12 minutes. Simple and tasty enough.

This recipe for the Hawaiian rolls is delicious! I did not add the lemon extract and used real butter extra vanilla and powdered coconut milk. I also glazed the tops with egg and milk before baking.

These are the best rolls that I have ever tasted!  I have been making these for a few years now and they have become THE dinner roll asked for by my family and friends.  I followed the recipe except I substitue almond extract for the lemon.

I can’t believe this only has a 4 star rating! I have been making these rolls for years and they’re the best I’ve ever had. They have that same good yeasty flavor that everyone is looking  for in a dinner roll.  You won’t be disappointed.

This has been my “Go To” recipe for homemade rolls for many years!  I follow the recipe with two changes - I use real butter instead of the shortening.  I also omit the lemon extract.  They turn out perfect every time and now my adult children expect and look forward to them at all the family dinners! Thank you for the recipe!

My mom love it.

I read the reviews on this receipe and decided I do a few tweaks but nothing significant. Instead of butter flavored shortening I went with butter, and instead of 5 tablespoons of white sugar I did 2 white and 3 brown. I didn't use the lemon extract, made 18 rolls, and brushed the rolls with a water egg mixture. Mine weren't the most beautful looking but the taste was great. I will make these again and might double the batch and try freezing some.

