A helpful hint: 7/8 c. butter is 14 TB. (or 1/2 c. + 6 TB). I didn't have almonds on hand, but put in about 1 tsp imitation almond extract and it was delicious. If your mixture looks more like crumble than dough after combining everything, that's ok! When you go to squeeze and shape the kipferls, the crumbs do turn into dough. Very delicious. I can't wait to share these with my mother-in-law who loves kipferls! Thanks!

I wanted to warn anyone using this recipe for the first time - the amount of butter given, 7 tablespoons, is NOT CORRECT! I made it as stated, and the dough was unbelievably crumbly, even more so than a pie crust, let alone a cookie. I went ahead and baked one batch, but the longer I thought about it the more I felt something was wrong. So I searched and found several other versions of vanilleklipfer - all of which had at least twice as much butter. I mixed an extra 4 tbs into the remaining dough I had left, and those cookies turned out perfectly. The first batch, made as written, was dry. If you double the butter, these are delicious cookies, but please do not make as written!

if you used bagged ground almond/almond flour add extra butter or milk to the mix! I've made this once with bagged almond flour and once by grinding whole blanched almonds. The almond flour is dry and the blanched almonds and natural moister that helped keep the dough together. otherwise these are a grate cookie! I love them dipped in a bit of milk chocolate at the ends.

I adore these cookies. They satisfy my sweet tooth but are not too sweet which I love! They are so good that  I make them all the time not just around Christmas. The more you make them, the easier they are to shape.  I always forget the "Place the kipferl on the baking sheet and chill them for 15 minutes." step of the recipe & thankfully hasn't made a difference. The last time, my dough came out too dry so I added a little bit of almond milk so it would come together better & it didn't  seem to make a difference  (again thankfully). Almost forgot, I did use 14 Tbsp. butter like FoodObsessedMom  had said in her review.

Great recipe! My only tip would be to add a teaspoon of two more vanilla. Otherwise this is perfect

Converting recipes from Europe to Canadian or American is never easy. First of all, I have found from German recipes, the ingredients are not the same in Canada or the US. There is always some jiggling involved. I did not add the salt. Instead of the confectioner's sugar, I used white sugar and instead of the vanilla sugar, I used just plain old liquid vanilla. While I was mixing the dough up, I did have to add a little more butter and I used hazelnuts instead of almonds. All in all though, the recipe baked up really well and the flavor was wonderful. Our family has a German heritage and we all loved the cookies.

Not exactly how I know them from Germany (I'm an exchange student right now)! But still really good and my host family liked them! XO Miriam

I wanted to warn anyone using this recipe for the first time - the amount of butter given, 7 tablespoons, is NOT CORRECT! I made it as stated, and the dough was unbelievably crumbly, even more so than a pie crust, let alone a cookie. I went ahead and baked one batch, but the longer I thought about it the more I felt something was wrong. So I searched and found several other versions of vanilleklipfer - all of which had at least twice as much butter. I mixed an extra 4 tbs into the remaining dough I had left, and those cookies turned out perfectly. The first batch, made as written, was dry. If you double the butter, these are delicious cookies, but please do not make as written!

I made this for a book club meeting, to replicate the kipferl made in The Book Thief. It was quite a disappointment. First, I could not get it to form into cookies, it just crumbled apart. I finally added some milk and could barely get them to stay together. Second, they are not sweet. I guess that's how it is supposed to be, but I was expecting a cookie so it was not sweet enough to me (I ended up drowning them in the sugar to try to get more sweet into them). Third, there is virtually no flavor in these at all. I even added almond extract as others suggested, but it was very bland.  Will not be making again.

My German Gammy mixes hazelnuts and almonds.(actually you can use any ground nut you like.) Also it will give the Kipferl an even better taste if you roast the nuts in an ungreased skillet before preparing the dough.
I think Vanille Kipferl are THE best German Christmas cookies and as a matter of fact I am just munching a couple of them :)

We loved these!  I found this recipe because someone gave me a container of vanilla sugar.  I wasn't sure what to use it for.  

We tried to wait 3 days before eating them, but we failed.  They were all gone well before then :)  I plan on making them again when I do my holiday baking!

