My family loved this. I made it for Thanksgiving and served it in place of cranberry salad. Everyone raved, EVEN the teenagers.  I will make this again, and it was sooo easy.  The only thing I added, was a little butter on top

It took a bit of time but the kids and I enjoyed making this together and it was tasty.

I made it as written with the exception of using whole berry cranberry sauce.  A very unique recipe that would add a festive flare to any holiday meal.  I served it as a breakfast side dish but with ice cream added it would make a delicious dessert. Thanks for sharing!

This made a great, easy Sunday dessert!  I chopped up three apples, and mixed a can of pineapple with a can of whole berry cranberry sauce.  I also added coconut and almonds to the top, and it was crunchy, sweet, tart, and delicious.  :)

I added to nuts to this, but otherwise made it exactly as stated.  It was very good.  I used canned pineapple and a can of cranberry sauce.  Will make again!

This was really good. I substituted peaches for the cranberry sauce (because it's what I had) and I served it with ice cream.  I was skeptical of the amount of topping vs butter, but it worked out deliciously :-) I will definitely make this again, I can see it being a quick & tasty way to use up all sorts of fresh fruits before they go bad.

very good recipe. I followed it exactly, the only thing I would do differently would be to omit the lemon juice. It doesen't matter to us if the apples turn brown some. Great tasting though. Thanks.

This was yummy! I used whole cranberry sauce in place of the cranberry jelly, and added both coconut and raisins to the mix.  I'll try nuts, too, next time.

This was one of the tastiest meals at the table.

My family loved this. I made it for Thanksgiving and served it in place of cranberry salad. Everyone raved, EVEN the teenagers.  I will make this again, and it was sooo easy.  The only thing I added, was a little butter on top

It took a bit of time but the kids and I enjoyed making this together and it was tasty.

