A good basic recipe, but with these modifications:  1) I prefer it without coconut.  2) Use unsweetened whipped cream.  The reason that a pav is such a spectacular dessert is the contrast:  sweet, marshmallowy meringue, mild cream, tangy fruit.  Sweeten the cream, and it will be too sweet.  3) Try spooning on passionfruit pulp if you can find fresh passionfruit.  Not only is it traditional, but it’s the perfect foil for the pav: tangy, and crunchy.  Passionfruit can be used alone, or in addition to the other fruit.

I had 3 egg whites to use up so I decided to make this recipe (cut in half).  It was not what I expected.  The beaten eggwhites just fit into one pan so if you make a whole recipe you're going to need 2 pans.  

Also, it stuck to the pan and I had to break it out (perhaps this was my fault because I greased the pan when it didn't say to do that).  

And finally, the coconut was just "wrong".

I’ve made this multiple times because family and friends request it! It’s a great recipe with no corn starch, no flour so it can be enjoyed by many who have these allergies.  It’s quite simple as long as you know your soft peaks from your hard ones. My daughter also bakes this now and also for repeat performances.  She arranges the fruit beautifully and elevates this into an art form.

Made exactly to recipe and it was delicious and turned out perfectly. We have made this many times.

I live in the States and have made this a couple of times now for Easter, it makes a beautiful spring dessert. I make it with homemade whipped cream, and no added sugar. I agree the cream should not be sweetened as the combination is perfect: sweet meringue, lovely cream and sweet/tangy fruit. I use a combination of berries, kiwi and mango. My whole family loves this. We had not tried this dessert before I found this recipe but now it's a favorite! (I skip the coconut and almond due to allergies, but I'm sure they would be marvelous additions) Thanks for sharing this, I'm not a huge sweets person but this is in my top 3!

I've made this twice for guests and all enjoyed it.  The first time I put it on parchment using a 9" circle, and the second time I used a parchment lined 11" porcelain tart pan.  Both worked fine though the cookie sheet method allowed the meringue to expand  without restriction.  I did sweeten the the whipped cream.  It was delicious!  It's a great make ahead dessert and looks gorgeous.

This recipe makes 2 large pavlova! We gobbled up the first one, but didn't have room for the second.  Pretty easy to make,  and looks beautiful.

I followed the recipe to the T and it did not turn out right, but it did taste good. My mom hates anything with coconut in it and she realy liked this.

Great recipe!  Great texture! New and unique (in the US at least!) It is an easy recipe that puts to use leftover egg whites!  I like to make this after I have made eggnog (recipe from this site) or traditional vanilla pudding (recipe also from this site).  You could make it any flavor I believe.  I add amaretto liquor to mine to make it almond flavor.

This was a HIT with my family and friends!!  I made this for a summer treat and quickly found out that I have to make more than just one each time I make it! My kids can eat an entire Pavlova by themselves (a 3 and 6 year old)!  We love this recipe and everyone in the family now has a copy of it!  Thanks for sharing :)

Not bad, I am an Aussie that lives in the US.  Pavlova is probably my favorite dessert. I think my Mom makes one of the best Pav's around.  I LOVE passionfruit and it is the real/traditional topping for Pavlova.  Passionfruit makes this dessert, it is not the same without it; in fact it would just be a meringue topped with fruit.  I LOVE PASSIONFRUIT, and that's how REAL Aussie's make it.

