I made this in a 9x13 pan and I was a bit nervous that the batter was spread too thin.  But I lessened the baking time to 20 minutes and it came out perfect.  This was delicious.

One night, I thought to myself, "Self, I would like some cake....cake with pineapple..." So, I logged onto allrecipes, and found...this great recipe! I used half of a 1lb, 4oz  can of pinapple chunks, drained and crushed. Also, going off of what someone else reveiwed, I only used about 3/4 of a stick of butter, rather than the whole stick. I still think the 'topping' was to soggy though, and next time I would reduce the butter even more, maybe 2/3 of a stick. Hope this helps.

Very good! Did it exactly like the recipe instructed. Will definitely make this again!

Cake turned out fine, it was just bland and uneventful.

Delicious!  I used canned pineapple and fresh pitted cherries on top(or should I say on bottom?).  I had never made a pineapple upside down cake before, and the recipe was super easy.  The cake is on the denser side, but it didn't seem to take away from the overall flavor.

Tasty and pretty easy!! thought there would be too much cake batter as I was getting it together, but what do I know.  Was right.  Going to cut down on the amount of flour and other ingredients and maybe it won't spill all over the oven.  Other than that this is a keeper.  Hubby got in to it last in the middle of the night.

way too much butter and a 9 inch cake pan is much to small. It just overflowed and set off my smoke alarm! now waiting for it to cool before flipping. We'll see how it turns out but I'm not hopeful.

I used Cake flour & canned pineapple's & put some of the juice in the batter after it was mixed. I didn't use cherries & cooked it for 25min. It turned out perfect! Taste's great!

I followed the ingredients of this recipe EXACTLY as listed with no changes. I did, however, change some things in how it was done.

First - I melted the butter and brown sugar in the oven as others suggested. Then I took it out of the oven, stirred it together, and let it sit and cool. It created a solid layer across the bottom of the pan on which I could lay the pineapple and the batter. This prevented anything from slopping out while adding in the rest of the ingredients. (Don't worry about it being sold - it will melt while baking).

Next - I think that when the recipe says "9 inch round pan" it must mean a springform pan, as would be used with a taller cake, like a cheesecake. This recipe will not fit in a regular 9-inch round cake pan. Instead, I used a larger rectangular pan (8 x 11.5). I thought that 9 x 13 would spread the batter too thin and I didn't want to double the batter, because I thought that might throw off the balance. So I tried to use a pan that would be large enough to hold it without any modifications to the recipe. This pan worked perfectly.

The recipe is delicious just as it is with no modifications! I used the full amount of butter and sugar, fresh pineapple, and milk. It was glorious!

I made this exactly as the recipe said.  My fresh pineapple was 2 days old.  It turned out perfectly and delicious!  I baked it in my springform pan to ensure it would turn over okay.

it worked well and it was easy to make 10/10 would recommend

