This is a very easy, tasty bar. Not a lot to it. Be careful not to overbake. I used a 9x13 pan and the bars are quite thin. I didn't have golden syrup, so I used white syrup.

This is a delicious crumbly mess! I will never make it again. I guess I didn’t press it into the pan firmly enough. I substituted agave syrup for corn syrup.

After a vacation in South Africa where I became addicted to a cookie bar like this sold in the Kruger National Park shops, I was determined to find a recipe.  This is close enough to be a keeper.  We have now made it at least 3 times, and will continue to make it.  So yummy with a cup of tea.  I make them in a glass 9x9 pan lined with parchment, and use more parchment to press them into place.

The secret to keeping the bars/cookies from crumbling is to use a small metal or hard rubber spatula to press the oat mixture *firmly* into the pan.  I also recommend cutting the bars while warm, then letting them cool completely in the pan. My family loves raisins and a slightly more chewy texture, so I added (1) cup to the mix.

These are simple to make and taste great!  

I did make an adjustment, as I had no golden syrup.  I used honey instead. 

I also baked it for five minutes more due to the high altitude.

I printed and saved this one to my recipe folder :)

It looks great in the oven

My batch should have been called Crumblers instead of Crunchers. While I give this 5 stars for flavor I give it 1 star for texture. My bars were extremely dry and fragile. I followed measurements precisely but  I used unsweetened coconut which does not seem as moist as sweetened coconut. I also substituted a mix of honey and corn syrup for the golden syrup. Perhaps that affected the moisture as well? Anyway - - it made very yummy crumbs.

I baked them for 15 min. and they looked white at the middle so i baked for 10 min more. And this probably made them too dry. 

Oh another mistake, don't put more than 1 cup coconut flake coz that'll be too much! I had 1 1/2 cup so i didn't know what to do with the rest 1/2 cup so i put altogether and i think...it's not good.

so i think next time i will bake them in an 9*13 pan and not take out from the oven since 15 min..let's see how they will turn out.

but they still taste good...

I like my anzac biscuits to be softer, so tried this out.  Unsure if I measured wrong, but the mixture seemed too dry, so my over zealous boy friend decided to add too much water.  They still turned out great though.

This is a very easy, tasty bar. Not a lot to it. Be careful not to overbake. I used a 9x13 pan and the bars are quite thin. I didn't have golden syrup, so I used white syrup.

