I tried another Pavlova recipe that turned out much more to my Aussie husband's liking - and I must admit to mine as well.  I used 4 whites, vinegar (not lemon juice - there's a reason for this) a bit less corn starch, about 1.5 tsp. and I put my 1 cup of sugar in my food processor to create a castor sugar - a fine blend, which mixed easier into the meringue by adding it 1 TBS at a time during the whipping process.  The recipe called for drawing a 7 inch (not a 9 inch) circle and simply mounding it (no fancy piping) onto the circle with edges as straight as possible, then creating a small well for the cream.  It then said to bake it at 250 degrees for 1 hour and 15 minutes and after it's done baking, turn the heat off and leave the oven door cracked slightly open for at least 30 minutes, or until cooled enough to handle the pan without oven mitts.  If it cracks, that's good and if it weeps it's over cooked and that's bad.  It was a golden brown and incredibly tender and sublime.  The crunchy light outside of the cake melted in your mouth, while the interior filled it with light delight - much like a marshmallow cream center.  I topped it with lightly sweetened whipped cream and used strawberries and blueberries.  Next time I might use a tart fruit like a black or boysenberry and raspberries to offset the sweetness of the meringue.  My husband had thirds and said it was the nicest Pavlova he's had anywhere in Australia.  The recipe came from an Aussie chef, Stephanie Alexander

I made this for my daughters class presentation on Australia and it turned out horrible! I followed the directions... I thought. I must have done something wrong becuase it came out flat and crunchy...Yikes

Very good. But very messy. I'm going to bake it in a cake pan next time to keep the rounded shape.

I’m an Australian living in the Caribbean so it was great to make a recipe from my childhood and it tasted just as I remember while still being very easy to follow. Only changes I made was I used 4 egg whites instead of 3 and I added some vanilla (half a teaspoon) to both the meringue and also to the whipped cream. I actually think the whipped cream could have done with half or even no sugar to balance the sweetness of the meringue but it wasn’t too sweet even  in the quantity given in the recipe.

Just made this the first time. Made the following changes per suggested. I used 4 egg whites,1.5tsp of Corn Starch,1 teaspoon of white vinegar and 1 teaspoon of Vanilla. I beat the egg whites for 10 mins at the highest power adding 3/4s of the sugar a tablespoon at a time. Added last 1/4 of sugar with cornstarch; vinegar and vanilla and beat for 5 more minutes.Placed in oven at 250 for 1 hour and 15 minutes then turned off oven. Cracked oven door and left in oven for additional 30 mins till cool. It was excellent. Just wouldn’t use pipping on top next time

Recipe didn't work. It turned out to be a marshmallow disk. Will try another recipe.

I thought this recipe was amazing and tasted delicious and I keep on making it over and over for me and my family.

great

The only thing I did differently was to use blackberries, red raspberries and sliced strawberries, that I macerated in a bit of sugar,  to the top.  It was delicious, as well as beautiful.

I've never had nor made pavlova before so I can't attest to this recipe's authenticity but it was delicious.  I topped it with chantilly cream, strawberries, and blueberries. My fiance says it's his new favorite dessert.

Simple yet elegant. People are always awed by this dessert.

