The Hawaiian Wedding Cake, submitted by Olene Grieshop, makes my whole body happy!  The only thing wrong is it is gone too fast!  Everyone in my home goes 'crazy' every time I bake it.  Ms. (?) Grieshop did a wonderful thing by deciding to share this one!

I tried English walnuts the first time, but did not like it as well as the black walnuts in the second one.

Perhaps M. Grieshop should add a suggestion to the recipe as to which nuts work better.....?  However, this 'typo' in no way detracts from the easiness and quickness experienced with baking this cake.     Thank you, M. Grieshop!   Doris Rogers-Ripoll,  Brandon, Florida (to the east of Tampa Bay)

My own review might not be quite accurate since I did change the recipe a bit.. halved it, but used only 1/2 cup of sugar, and didnt put coconut in the cake itself, since I made a coconut streusel topping. The result? Straight out of the oven, 20 mins later, the cake was like a thick pudding that tasted pineapple-ish and wasnt sweet enough. A bit too moist, might have been better if I had let it cool some more. The walnuts were alright, but seemed to add an unusual taste to the cake. 

My topping did turn out quite wonderfully though, it consists of 1/2 cup flour, 1/3 cup confectioners sugar, 2 oz margarine and 1/2 cup of coconut, and needs to be baked for 20-25mins, so just let the cake bake, and take it out to put the topping on, then place it back in the oven. 

I don't think I'll be using this recipe again.

I liked it a lot! Also my family. I gave it four stars just because the time to bake was around 20 min more than it says but the rate was very good. I just added a little less sugar, a spoon of coconut cream, and decorated it with cream cheese.Thank you for sharing this!I could make a 16th birthday cake for one of my daughters and chose this recipe to announce her where she is going to celebrate, and another one of my daughters help me making some crafts.It went great!!!

This is definitely an easy cake to make! I made it in 3 6-inch pans, and they took 27 minutes to bake. I lessened the sugar in the cake, since my shredded coconut was sweetened. Other than that, I followed the recipe as written. I found it ok in flavor--I didn't really get a strong coconut or pineapple flavor either way. I found it rather just sweet, even with less sugar in it. If I were to make this again, I probably would end up adding in a little butter, vanilla, and salt at the very least to help with the flavor. I was really hoping for more pineapple to shine through, but it just didn't. I don't know that I'd add the shredded coconut to the cake itself, as it gives it a somewhat odd texture. Overall, it's not bad, but I'd adjust it per my tastes. And definitely don't forget the cream cheese frosting! It absolutely needs it!

I'm on my 3rd request for this cake. Everyone loves it! Even a good friend that just does not like cake at all! She has requested it this time for a gathering of foodie friends. :-) 

My standard of this will be the half suger/half brown sugar version and add 1 tsp of vanilla, 1 tsp salt, and 1 tsp of cinnamon. 

Top this with Cream Cheese II frosting found on here also. It's fantastic!

I tried it with nutmeg, but it was too close to carrot cake for me.

My most requested caje to bring to a party! Soooo good!

I added nutmeg, cinnamon, and salt as others suggested. It was a hit.  It's a dense cake and I'll add raisins and more walnuts next time.

Icing made from cream of coconut went great over the top of it.

Are these recipes for Hawaiian Wedding Cake using a glass or metal pan or does it matter?  Is it also called Humingbird Cake?

Oh so simple, and so delicious!  And the aroma while baking it is wonderful.  I love the fact that there is no oil or butter needed.  I was a bit short of coconut, so didn't have the full amount called for, but it was still excellent.  My daughter thought it tasted a bit like carrot cake.  I put some vanilla butter frosting on top, but in the future, I don't think I'll do that again.  It doesn't need it, and of course, is healthier without it.

Very simple, fast and quite delicious!  Like a carrot cake without the hassle of haveing to grate the carrots!  I did make with half brown and half white sugar and added about 1 tspn cinnamon and 1/2 tspn of nutmeg, per other reviews and topped it with homemade cream cheese icing.

