EXCELLENT!  Quick, easy, and oh so good!  Don't change a thing.  Quite addicintg too.  My daughter actually found this recipe and made it for a school project.  After she made it and I tried it, I logged onto my account on AllRecipes to save to my recipe box and rate it.  Since it only had 1 rating at the time of this writing, I would not have typically have made this.  So glad she did, and I will definitely be making this again!

They were really good!!  I thought they could use more almond flavor and they did seem a bit salty.  Worth making one time.  Thank you for the recipe!!

These cookies are fabulous!  I used butter flavored shortening (that’s what I had) and I used 3 teaspoons of almond extract because I love the flavor. I didn’t have any almonds for the top.  I made a “glaze” with powdered sugar, almond extract and milk.  The cookies were delicious just on their own so if this recipe is appealing to you - make them. You will not be disappointed. These are a new favorite for our family and will for sure be added to our holiday baking list.

These are so delicious, just like ones I used to get at the Chinese restaurants in NY. I didn’t have lard so I used softened salted butter in its place. I omitted salt since I used salted butter. I added an extra tsp of almond extract as others suggested (2 tsp total). I also lightly egg washed the cookies, placed sliced almonds on top and sprinkled with a tiny bit of sugar in the raw. I did not use food coloring.

Love love this recipe. My soon to be MIL loves almond cookies so I thought making them would be better than the store bought. Yes! These hot the spot. Always a hot when I make them.

Wow.   These came out so well! Only change I made was to add additional almond extract.   Light, crisp, so wonderful They seem bakery bought! 
I did use the bamboo chopstick in red coloring to color the tops red in celebration of the New Year.  Huge hit! Thank you for sharing this no fail recipe.

Great recipe! So easy to make. Only change I made was 1Tbsp Almond flavoring to have more almond taste. They are crispy and I had lots of compliments on these cookies. Definitely a favorite in my book.

Substituted butter and added 2 more teaspoons of almond extract and they were great.  Did not use red food coloring.  Good texture.  If you like a stronger almond flavor, I would suggest 1 tablespoon instead of 1 teaspoon.  I used a medium cookie scoop and pressed tops with a fork.  Made about 32 cookies.  I would make it again.

easy and yummy..added an Xtra egg : )

Absolutely fabulous! Melt in your mouth texture , delicious flavour. I did add a little more almond extract .

