Tasted very good, but I found that the butter and molasses (subst. for golden syrup) just weren't enough moisture to bind the dry ingredients together at all.   I added a beaten egg and it turned out very nicely.

On the sweet side, but very tasty. I also added an egg. I would make these again, very quick & easy.

Easy and delicious!

These bars exceeded my expectations. I used fresh Medjool dates harvested in Yuma Arizona. Amazing fresh and yummy.

This recipe is definitely missing an ingredient- I just made it as showing..and even though the taste is good, it is impossible to cut into nice pieces as it is dry and crumbling...not as showing on the photos...at all! Quite disappointing  to waste all the ingredients and time on this recipe !

Ok, my 4th try @ a review.....  Whenever I hit the paragraph button, it SENDS instead of just going to the next paragraph.  So, here goes....  I read ALL the reviews & .....since my friend is 103 yrs old & her daughter is 83 ...I wanted to make sure the bars were soft enough for her to chew easily.   So, I added BOTH the egg, beaten,...AND 2 tsp of Coconut Oil!  I also added just 1 Tbs. of finely chopped walnuts to the flour mixture.  Then, after they were done baking,...I put the 8"X 8" pan (I don't have a 9"x9" pan), on a baking rack & sprinkled them w/powdered sugar instead of more coconut.  Deeeelicious is all we can say!!!!  Really, give these New Zealand Bars a try!  I had never even HEARD of these bars before,.... let alone MAKE them!  But, wow!  The dates were soft & chewy & the bars were so different & SO yummy!!!  My friend absolutely LOVED them!!  Will definitely be making THESE bars again, but, the next time I will DOUBLE the recipe & use a 9" X 13" pan.

Really tasty. Will try chop the dates smaller next time. I added a big tablespoon of melted coconut oil instead of a egg like the other reviews. Very tasty and chewy.

The first time I made it, I used coconut pancake syrup instead of golden syrup. I found it too coconut-y. This time, I followed the reviewer's suggestions and added an extra egg. I also used molasses instead of golden syrup and added a banana. The banana significantly changed the flavor, but I really liked it with the banana.

I doubled it and did need to add two beaten eggs, otherwise it was GREAT!

I also added an egg due to a viewer's suggestion.  They are quite nice, could be fancied up with colored coconut.

