Oooh.  This was fantastic.  It's great to have for breakfast with coffee or tea and is quite filling. Doesn't need frosting or anything of the sort but this isn't a sweet birthday cake! 
I was a bit nervous that it'd be too sweet when I measured out the sugar but once the batter was ready and it already smelled heavenly I knew this would be good.  I used Ghirardelli's cocoa powder and plain old black tea.  Didn't have that much hazelnuts at home so I used half walnuts half hazelnuts.  The results were a delicious and moist coffee cake. I'll have to learn this recipe by heart.

I am a pretty good baker, was intrigued by this recipe and the good reviews.  And-----there is always the possibility that I messed up--!!  I was careful to take it out on time, mine was not dry, just dull.  It was fun, though, making something unusual always is.

Wonderful! A MUST try!! Everyone loved it!

Not the best and would not make again. It was very dry, and as I read before, tasted a lot like flour. I think if I made it again I could make it taste better but it would need too many modifications - I would probably sub the tea for the same amount of buttermilk which would give it a nice flavor and much needed moisture, for a better chocolate flavor I would add melted chocolate or as someone else did, chocolate chips. It didn't need near the amount of baking time it called for. I baked it for 50min and it could have even gone less. So in the long run with the amount of changes it would be an entirely different recipe.

A way to cut back on oil or butter could be to add applesauce to the mix. I've done that a lot with boxed cake mixes...you could probably even cut back on the sugar if you use the applesauce, but that doesn't seem to be much of an issue per the other reviews. (Applesauce will also help keep this cake nice an moist.)  I think any nuts would work with this recipe, be they almonds, hazelnuts, walnuts, etc. (Love, love, love chocolate + nuts!!)

This cake was fantastic!!! I used a black chai tea to enhance the flavors & put some mixed fruit on top. Made it for an award ceremony; It was gone in the blink of an eye!!!! Everybody loved it & i thought it was very easy to make. My friends even asked me to make some more for them! Definitely doing it again :D

Excellent tasting,very moist in the middle.  I also made a chocolate glaze for in 2 cups of icing sugar half a cup of cocoa powder and 6 tablespoons of water, wisk until ready, spread all over cake the refrigerate. yum

I CANNOT bake at all but I've just successfully made this cake. I'm so proud of myself. I tried using Earl Grey Tea like one reviewer suggested and it gave the cake such a lovely, subtle taste. 5 stars for how easy it is to make and 5 stars for taste *edit* This cake still tastes great ad doesn't dry out even after 4 days!

This was great. I didn't have hazelnuts, or I think it would have been even better. I used a 10cup williams-sonoma sunflower bundt pan and it almost overflowed. I think a 9 cup pan (as the recipe calls for) would not be enough.   First time I baked with tea, got rave reviews from the neighbors.

I am a pretty good baker, was intrigued by this recipe and the good reviews.  And-----there is always the possibility that I messed up--!!  I was careful to take it out on time, mine was not dry, just dull.  It was fun, though, making something unusual always is.

Only one word I can say "Fabulous". This recipe was very easy to make for inexperienced cook like me. But the taste was just perfect. I did several changes due to what I had in my kitchen such as self-rising flour, sweetened cocoa powder, and my favorite strong tea. I skipped the hazelnuts and put a bit less sugar. Also, I sprigkeled it with cocoa powder instead of confectioner's sugar cause I didn't have it -__-. Many thanks for the real good and simple cake recipe. I'll make it again and again.

