I used the recipe for the crumble only, and it was delicious! I just cooked 4 red delicious and 4 granny smith apples (peeled) in a saucepan with white sugar, cinnimon, nutmeg, and clove, a little butter and a little flour until apples were soft. Spooned it into a baking pan, sprinkled the crumble on top, followed the rest of the directions, and voila! - a very YUMMY recipe. By the way, my hubby is Australian, and although he's never had crumble like this, he did devour it in 24 hours!!!

what is custard powder?  where do you get it?

I have not made this recipe yet, however I made a little web search to find a substitute for custard powder: use cornstarch instead of the powder, same amount! And to fix the flavors  add some vanilla extract. That's It!! Hope it helps!! You can also use pudding powder, but I would use the starch ????

I also just made the crumble and not the crust and it was AMAZING. Seriously the best crumble topping I've ever made. My only complaint with this recipes was that cooking the apple slices that long turned them to mush so I would cook them only for a minute or two.

1. No need for the crust.
2. No need to cook the apples before baking.
3. I don't even use the coconut when making the crumble - I just add a bit more rolled oats.
4. I like to add a little lemon juice to the apples.
 
I've made this crumble dozens of times. It takes 5 minutes to put together and always comes out amazing.

The apples got too mushy because of cooking. If you have to change it significantly to make it tolerable or good, then it's not the same recipe! I admit I followed the recipe!

It came out quite nice but very dry. The pastry base was quite thick because there was a lot of it - usually a good thing! - but it was really dry, especially with a nice helping of the crumble topping. 
I couldn't taste the custard powder at all.
If I make this again, I might use a different pastry recipe for the base. Also, if you have a deep enough dish or pan you could double the fruit that goes in the middle.
Prep time was way more than 30 mins for me.
I'm afraid we only ate half of it and the dog got the rest a week later - too much dry pastry.
You can find custard powder at many US Giant or Wegman stores.

It was vary good but too sweet

this pie was delicious! the only changes I made was added an extra egg to the crust, it made the crust not so crumbley. I also added some nutmeg and cinnamon to the apples. I will definately be making this crumble again and again!

Fantastic recipe. We loved it!

This was pretty darn good, but it uses an awful lot of butter and, I agree, there's a bit too much crumble.  I also added a little cinnamon to the crust, and used brown sugar in the crumble.  The custard powder was a nice touch, and I found it, of all places, at the local 99 Cents Only store.  For only 99 cents!  Finally, I overcooked my apples, so start watching them about halfway through to make sure you don't get applesauce.  Overall, very nice!

