This was so easy and I found the trick
to get them out of the pan. I only waited about 5 min. The tarts were still warm and they came right out. The last pan I ran to the store and they cooled completely and they just would not come out. I popped them back in the oven for a few minutes and then slid a butter knife along side and they lifted right out. This is really a keeper and will be on my cookie list a long time.

These were okay. The crust fell apart a little bit. They taste good but nothing special.

I don't have a mini cup pan so I made thumbprint cookies. They turned out great for the Tropical themed potluck at Church. I had a lot of coconut mix leftover so I made "haystack" candy for the kiddos. They both were a big hit! Jan Taylor, thank you for this recipe. I plan on using it again.

I was very disappointed with the recipe.  It took way too long plus the tarts fell apart as I tried to get them out. The taste was okay but I will not do this recipe again.

I followed the recipe exactly, chilled the dough which made it easy to form. Very rich & tasty.

First let me say that these tarts tasted amazing, however, I must say that they were totally a mess when they came out of the oven. When the recipes says add 1 teaspoon of the preserves they really mean it. I thought I was being cautious but I must have used a little too much because the preserves had bubbled up all over the muffin tin. I was still able to save most of them, my total was 44 by the way. These were so yummy that I will be making them again for sure, I think they would be great with chocolate and the coconut.  The little crusts were perfection and this recipe is not one that should be hurried, I would make this on a day when time really does not matter and then  just enjoy the process.

It's really good thanx for the idea

Delicious. Make SURE you don't overfill them with preserves and the coconut topping.  I used a half-teaspoon measure with each.  I also sprayed the mini- muffin pan thoroughly with PAM.  I was nervous about getting them out of the pan after reading all the reviews but they came out just fine.  I waited about 20 minutes while they cooled, then I gently ran a slim knife around the edges, and then I put a rack over them while I did the big "flip" to get them out.  Note that these freeze extremely well too.  I'm eating a defrosted one right now!

These are so yummy.  I did add some of my homemade yogurt cheese to the dough to make it taste like the tarts I ate as a child. Thanks for sharing the recipe.

My entire family fell in love with these at our Hawaiian Luau Reunion!  Plus, they are so easy to make!  However, I live a small town and I had a hard time finding pineapple preserves, so I made my own.   I have even made tham with plum preserves.  I reccommend using the mini muffin pans from Pampered Chef.  They make clean up a breeze.

Better with pineapple preserves but the crust is incredible

