If you prefer a thicker, more fruit preserve-like consistency for your chutney, you can modify the cooking method on this excellent recipe and its blend of flavors as I did: Using the 30 serving size recipe, use all ingredients as measured, except: Adjust sugar to 1/2 cup each white and brown, add 1 TBSP butter to your ingredient list, and try 2 TBSPs each white vinegar and lemon juice (vs. 1/4 cup vinegar).  For the cooking method: Set saucepan on medium heat (I used a 2.5 quart Le Creuset saucepan, which heats more evenly than any pan I have used, so medium high will be too high). Melt butter, and add dry spices, stirring with a silicone spatula or spoon, 2 mins. til fragrant.  Add all other ingredients (except nuts; you will add them at the end).  Stir gently until combined. It will take appr. 10 mins. for the mixture to come to a simmer.  Once the simmer has begun, set timer for 60 minutes, and cook, maintaining a gentle but consistent simmer (in my saucepan there were 10 pockets of nickel - size bubble groups across the top).  Stir gently with spatula every 5 mins. or so.  After 60 mins., turn off the heat and let cool in the saucepan.  The chutney will be reduced in volume, and will be the consistency of a fruit preserve.  Stir in 1/4 cup chopped slivered almonds or macadamia nuts.  Store in air tight container, refrigerate, and enjoy!  Great on Wasa crackers with cream cheese, or mixed with diced chicken for a salad!

I downsized this recipe to serve 30, you must also downsized cooking times as you can easily overcook. I love chutney with a pork roast, this one is good but not a favorite, I would cut out the allspice or just a pinch as it is a predominate taste in this chutney.

This is really delightful. I used red onion instead of white and doubled the amount. Used a mixture of prunes, apricots, and craisins too as I did not have raisins.. I’ve topped my salmon with this chutney. Topped cream cheese sandwiches. Delicious.

This was a mess for me. Following it to the letter and at end it was a runny mess..to much time for trial and error. Don't bother with this one!

This was an extremely delicious recipe my only critique is that i wish it had a thicker consistency.

I only added one red hot chili pepper and for us that was enough for us.  However, if you like it really spicy go ahead and put all five.  Great recipe!

Came out good, i cut the recipe for just two 6 0z bottles

I down sized the recipe to 40 servings. Even then I ended up freezing some. I usually buy the store chutney from Major Grey, but I wanted to try making it myself. Not to mention the price of a jar at the store is almost 6 bucks where I live. I used it on some bacon wrapped pork tenderloins, and the flavor was fantastic. On the batch I made, I did not add the Allspice. Even though I loved this recipe, I think the next time I make this, I will use all white granulated sugar to lighten the color. The brown sugar for me was the reason for the darker color. Even as you just start the cooking process, it's already a darker color.  I was careful to not burn my chutney, and it turned out great.

I scaled this WAY down to 4 servings, as I needed it for another recipe. I skipped the golden raisins, as I didn't have any. I used this to top some grilled salmon. My husband and son didn't really care for it (too sweet for them), but I enjoyed it.

I made a third of recipe to first try and tweaked it to go with pork dishes I had planned. I used apple vinegar and added some apple and apple sauce. I love the sauce taste and the fresh ginger root is what made it over the top.

sugar burnt, became a huge mess that took forever to clean up. :(

