This filled a craving, thanks for posting!  One reviewer said these aren't really Australian, but I don't think they're intended to be, oddly enough, so hold the Vegemite.  Oroweat used to make a product like this called Australian Toaster Biscuits - who knows why the name.  But this recipe, I think, is meant to duplicate that.  Oroweat's product was discontinued years ago, but I still miss it.  The taste and texture are similar to what I remember, and I will make these again.

As a fan of crumpets, I was eager to try a new recipe.  Compared to some of my favorites, I found these a little salty and the batter thicker and more difficult to manage.

Because of other comments I reduced the salt by half, but the resulting taste, while nice and very reminiscent of the toaster biscuits I loved, it did need the extra salt. After the first batch made in molds I just cooked without them as my dough was too thick to pour. Next time I’ll try weighing the flour rather than using the spoon method. I’ll definitely make them again, but am thinking of buying an English muffin mold and baking them on a low temp in the oven.

This is a family favorite! We started making them during the pandemic and ever since, we have been making them for holidays and birthdays as a special treat. They are very easy to make; I typically spend only about 5 minutes preparing the batter before letting it rise for an hour and cooking them for about 30 minutes.I used the rings the first few times I made them, but I eventually found them to be unnecessary since we don't care too much about making them perfectly circular and they hold their shape very well. 100/10 recommend, both for the nostalgia of Australian Toaster Buscuits and the delectable taste!

My grandmother used to buy these and I always had fond memories, but they are no longer available in stores. Found this and loved them!  My daughter makes these for me for special occasions like Father’s Day!

Really tasty.

This filled a craving, thanks for posting!  One reviewer said these aren't really Australian, but I don't think they're intended to be, oddly enough, so hold the Vegemite.  Oroweat used to make a product like this called Australian Toaster Biscuits - who knows why the name.  But this recipe, I think, is meant to duplicate that.  Oroweat's product was discontinued years ago, but I still miss it.  The taste and texture are similar to what I remember, and I will make these again.

Let me start off by saying that normally, I never review a recipe unless I try it unchanged.  So one cannot consider this a negative, nor even a neutral review, because I changed it from the beginning. On the other hand, what I wound up with wasn't half bad, and I'll probably make it again.  :) 

I was hoping for something that resembled the "Australian Toaster Biscuits" that Thomas' used to sell. Based on other reviews, I reduced the salt to 1.5 tsp, and added 1/4 c milk. The salt reduction wasn't enough.  I added about 3 tbsps of sugar, which overcame the salt problem.  Made the first two, and still didn't like them very much.  I'm not really a fan of sweets, but I decided I might as well just make them honest-goodness "sweet biscuits" and added an additional 1/4 c of sugar. They came out tasting pretty darned good.  Next time, however, I will reduce the salt to 1 tsp, and up the milk by an additional ounce or two.

Yum.. kind of a cross between a biscuit and a muffin. A friend gave me some fresh rosemary from his yard today so I added some of that..

Too salty and did you know that there is no such thing as an Australian Toaster Biscuit in Australia?  Stick with traditional crumpets - far more authentic and available in Australia.

very tasty, and pretty easy, and i really don't bake that often. i agree that they are a little salty. i love that the inside is like a muffin. yum!!

