EVERYONE loved this!! From my picky husband and 4 year old son, to all my guests on Easter day. Have made it twice in the last week! Using advice from another reviewer, I didn't change a thing the first time and it was perfect. The second time, I tried it without the coconut. It is much better with the coconut IMHO! Also, 2 cups of bananas is 4 average-size bananas. This should help so you're not having to measure your bananas after they're mashed. I usually have a hard time not making my own little changes to a recipe...which is why I tried to change it the second time. Don't change a thing! This recipe is going to be my Christmas neighbor-gifts for next year! Very colorful and easy to make. Thanks for sharing a great recipe!
P.S. Added on 8/24/07, I have now made this recipe MANY times and here are a few more helpful tips (hopefully). First, this recipe will fill three of the aluminum loaf pans that you can purchase for gift giving. Also, the last time I made this I added ALOT of pineapple. That is a big mistake! It makes the bread too gooey, so if you experiment, this is not the ingredient to increase. And one last thing. At least when I bake this, it takes around 55 minutes to be done, at least. My oven is right on, temperature wise, too. ENJOY!!

I think it's good, but the consistency of the bread isn't the best I've made. My hubby on the other hand says this is his favorite banana bread, probably because he prefers the coconut in this over the chocolate chips in the banana split bread I like to make.

Moist, perfect density. Takes basic banana nut bread up a level!

Made one loaf with cherries and one without. Both were delicious!Will definitely make again. Very moist and flavorful.

Came out perfectly  and everyone loved it.  This will be my go-to banana bread recipe from now on!  Only changes I made were to replace the two cups of sugar with 3/4 cup white sugar and 3/4 cup brown sugar.  I used bread flour since it was what I had available.

It was the best no changes  yummy

I've made this Hawaiian banana bread many, many times because it's the most delicious banana bread I've ever made.  I leave the cherries out, but that's the only thing I do differently.  Thank you for such a delicious recipe!

Takes your tastebuds to a Aloha dream ❤️ I went along with others suggestions, used 1c white sugar & 1c brown sugar. I also did ½c melted unsalted butter & ½c oil. I added 1 tsp almond extract + 2 tsp vanilla extract, & pre-toasted the shredded coconut (extra chop the coconut so it's finer) & I pretoasted the chopped macadamia nuts (the Hawaii state nut). ★ pre-toasting coconut & any nuts adds a more true deliciously nutty flavor to all your recipes! Also, I added Glaze to the top ! ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!

The fire station is smelling amazing! I'm on duty and had a few minutes to whip this up! I used the exact recipe (3 ripe bananas) and it filled 3 of the foil bread pans! Everyone is super impressed! Thank you!

Excellent, Wouldn't change a thing. Ate a half a loaf in one sitting by myself.  Will be making this again soon!

My daughter introduced me to this banana nut bread and it's by far my favorite.  Easy to make, very moist and absolutely delicious!

