I have varied this recipe by adding a few ingredients of my own. For example today I added 2 cups of grated Cheddar cheese, Some olives, some sun dried toamtoes and then followed the rest of the recipe. Boy was that a hit!

I really didn't care for this bread.

As an Aussie we have been baking damper forever and the ratios are not right. Too much flour and not enough butter for starters. I thought I would check out what you had for Australian cuisines...I got the kids to give this recipe a go and it's a big no.

Easy, fun and perfect to sop up stews and soups.  Encouraged to see our Aussie friends think this is a good recipe ... I certainly enjoyed it (and with lots of butter).  Used buttermilk and it was great.

another "twist" to this recipe... wrap dough around the end of a stick (pre-burn the end of stick a little to stop any liquid in wood getting into dough). hold over flames or coals depending on how "well-done" you want it... when golden brown (or more if to taste) let cool enough to handle (just) pull off stick & fill with honey or golden syrup... eat & enjoy.  been doing this since a toddler, am now 35... still think its the best way to eat it . another varient is to add 1teaspoon of wattle seeds, gives it a bit of a peppery taste, is best way to desribe, if you havent had bush Tucker .

I added raisins & chocolate chips, when I lived in Australia our friends showed us this traditional recipe & cooked it on the campfire.. they added raisins to the mix..
It was a fantastic bread.  Am going to bake a large one this evening & drizzle honey on it,  would have used maple syrup if I had any left.. 
Bon appetit.. ????

I didn't use salt but sugar, to make sweet bread. We then Made into sausage shape and wrapped around skewers. Great camping treat, especially smothered in chocolate spread or jam.

I like making breads from different countries and so i was curious about an Australian bread.  I satisfied my curiosity but probably won't make it again.   An interesting bread.

Just tried as per directions. Should be noted that you can't construct the structure in a round dome like a cob, but flatter; otherwise you get a lump of uncooked dough in the middle.

a fun, quick and easy bread!

This is not a traditional style bread.  It was made by our early settlers from whatever they had on hand and could carry on horseback.  Don't try to cut this loaf like regular bread, instead pull it apart while it is still warm, put on heaps of fresh butter and golden syrup.......yum.  Best cooked over coals in a camp oven, but I make it all the time at home in my regular oven. You can also add grated tasty cheese and sliced olives for a savoury damper. Great at a BBQ.  It only keeps a short time though, it is dry and hard the next day.

