This recipe is very nice, although it's a little bit plain. I recommend adding about a 1/2 tsp cinnamon and 1/2 tsp nutmeg. I use medjool dates which, as far as I know, are the moistest and sweetest, and I'd recommend putting 1 1/4 or 1 1/2 cups of dates instead of 1 cup (if you love dates). I put 1 cup whole wheat flour and 3/4 cup white flour, which I think makes it less pudding-like and more cake-like. I also make mine in an 8X8 inch pan, so I cut the bake time down to 35-40 minutes, and I even put the temp down to about 390 instead of 400. It comes out really nice. It's still sort of plain and not very sweet, but if you like that kind of thing, you'll like this.

I truly don't see why everyone loves this-sludgy and pretty much tasteless except for the dates.   I tried it because I had a big tub of dates and self-rising flour left over from another recipe, but this one is NOT going in my file.

Not sure what happened with the temperature.. I thought I put it at 400 Celsius because the first time I made it, it almost burnt on the outside and was mushy on the inside. I made it a second time after adjusting the temp to 300. it’s a Good base line recipe. I made one with walnuts and added cinnamon, and another one with chocolate chips. It’s supposed to be a sweet bread not a cake which is exactly how it comes out! I added only 1/3 cup sugar instead of a full cup and I’m glad I did. I could have even used 1/4 cup sugar. the dates give it a lot of sweetness.

Wonderful, easy recipe.  So moist and delicious.  Hubs loved it too.  Will be filed in my quickbread recipes.  Added cinnamon and nutmeg.

I think its more of a bread than a cake, but it was really good!  Next time I'll make sure to have some vanilla ice cream to go with.

This was really good when I added nuts and chocolate chips! I could see how it would be boring without them! I’m trying to eat more dates since I am in my third trimester of pregnancy! The recipe couldn’t be any easier. Yum

I tried this recipe and simply loved it. I replaced 1 1/4 cup flour with 1 cup flour and 3/4 cup wholemeal flour. I also added a 3/4 cup of chopped pecans for added crunch. The result was simply mouthwatering date loaf. I was so thrilled with it I immediately made another date loaf :))

Sorry but this is not as flavourful as the old Good Housekeeping date loaf recipe.

Of all the recipes I have tried this is the first one that has not appealed to me at all.

I truly don't see why everyone loves this-sludgy and pretty much tasteless except for the dates.   I tried it because I had a big tub of dates and self-rising flour left over from another recipe, but this one is NOT going in my file.

Easy to make and delicious! I had some leftover dates and I didn't want to use eggs. It turned out great.

