This turned out to be a LOT like the Sacher Torte I had at the Sacher Hotel in Vienna.  The only thing I would say is that you absolutely MUST use a high-fat chocolate for this, like a coverture.  If the chocolate isn't high in butterfat, the whole thing will turn out too dry.  If you want to try with semi-sweet chocolate chips, increase the fat content when you're melting the chocolate.  This made me miss Vienna!!!

This recipe has a lot of potential. Overall my results were pretty good, but the cake came out a little on the dry side. Another commenter mentions that she believes this can happen when the chocolate doesn't have enough fat in it, but I added quite a bit of butter. Next time I will try adding some yogurt instead, and some extra sugar to compensate (yogurt in cakes eats up sweetness).

I also wish I had let the apricot/rum mixture cool a little more after thickening. I tried to apply it while it was still quite warm and runny.

Lastly, I wish I had known how quickly the chocolate icing would set up; within seconds of taking it off of the heat it was like mud. In hindsight I should have been a bit quicker in pouring it on the cake -- do it all in one go, get it as even as you can manage quickly, and don't try to go back and fix the thin areas by pouring more on, because the result will be ugly.

The only suggestion I can say is for beginners. Sift the flour first before adding it into the egg  whites and chocolate. It would have been nice if that was mentioned in the recipe. Mine is in the oven now, so I guess I will find out soon enough if it turned out ok

It worked well but it isnt dense for fudgy.  that said, people loved the cake

Great recipe and instructions.  The cake turned out a little dry and dense.  Not sure if it's supposed to be that way.   I put the apricot jam through a sieve to remove lumps, and smoothed the ganache with a warm spatula.  Not to sweet but a perfect balance of ganache and apricot jam.  Would be better if less dense/dry.

For Valentines Day, I purchased a set of aluminum foil pans (2) and divided the batter between the two (thus eliminating the step of cutting the single cake into top and bottom halves). I reduced the baking time accordingly (about 30-minutes). I also lined the pans (bottoms and sides) with non-stick aluminum foil. The cakes came out great, no sticking to the foil at all! I used Hershey Special Dark chocolate chips (my favorite) and the results ...DELICIOUS!!! Reminiscent of the Sachertorte my Mom & I so enjoyed at Hansel & Gretel's in Vail once upon a time.....??

I followed recipe exactly, read reviews and used 86% cacao chocolate, extra fat. It was very very dry. The icing however was wonderful. I kept it warm so it wouldn't harden while spreading. I've had Vienna torte by other people and it didn't raise my blood sugar so was interested in making it. But wouldn't make this one again, sorry.

I have just made it! Have never used a spring form pan before, so I opted for the small ceramic dishes that I could control better; anyway, I have cooked, "out of the box mixes", with chocolate and I suggest to put a large mixing bowl over a pot of water (no overheating/burning of choc) to melt it. It is well...worth the effort if people enjoy a truly "homemade desert". If you don't have a "La Madeleine" restaurant then fly to Vienna by all means. Trying to make the syrup soak in was difficult because the cake is not soft enough. A second thing was the icing to which I had to add quite a bit more cream or it does NOT spread (too chunky). I kept it in the double boiler, so it definitely needed more cream.

This recipe has a lot of potential. Overall my results were pretty good, but the cake came out a little on the dry side. Another commenter mentions that she believes this can happen when the chocolate doesn't have enough fat in it, but I added quite a bit of butter. Next time I will try adding some yogurt instead, and some extra sugar to compensate (yogurt in cakes eats up sweetness).

I also wish I had let the apricot/rum mixture cool a little more after thickening. I tried to apply it while it was still quite warm and runny.

Lastly, I wish I had known how quickly the chocolate icing would set up; within seconds of taking it off of the heat it was like mud. In hindsight I should have been a bit quicker in pouring it on the cake -- do it all in one go, get it as even as you can manage quickly, and don't try to go back and fix the thin areas by pouring more on, because the result will be ugly.

This turned out great. I sliced it into three layers instead of two. I used Czech Orion bitter and cooking chocolate, half dark rum and half Grand Marnier. The cake is not too sweet and is balanced with the ganache. Now I need to try the original.

Not worth the effort.

