FANTASTIC.  Growing up in Australia this dish was part of our national identity, but here in the US I could just never get it right.  This recipe is just as it should be.  We always let this dish cool in the oven - just turn the oven off at the end of the cooking time and leave it there (even overnight!).  For those who have found that it sometimes sticks, in Australia we would coat the paper with a thin dusting of corn starch before spooning the mix onto the baking tray.

A couple of things are missing from this recipe, I like recipes to include ALL instructions. 1) When folding in the Vanilla, Cornstatch and lemon juice -- it should be blended together first!! She didn't mention this... The first attempt I added them one at a time, and the cornstartch created lumps in the egg whites, and all the folding deflated the whites slightly and had to start again.  2)She doesn't mention that you must only add the toppings of fruit, cusard, or whipped cream moments before serving!! I had a feeling this would be the case, but since I had never made it before, and it was not warned against, I added the toppings about 20mins before serving and lost all the crispness of the egg white -- except for just along the edge. Not the same effect at all. I felt like that should have been mentioned.  I agree with a lot of other comments that it was too sweet. I only added a cup of sugar to the egg whites, and added an additional egg white.. and it was still pretty sweet. I am guessing cream of tarter could replace half-a-cup of sugar next time.  All in all, not the best recipe on here for Pavlova, but if you add my instruciton, it would come out better then mine did...

Super easy, finally made my first Pavlova! Can’t thank you enough 🙏🏻 😍As for the sugar, I added 2/3 of a cup and it still tastes too sweet. Planning to use half cup next time. Whats more, I mixed the vanilla with corn starch and lime juice before I blend it into the mixture as one of the reviewers instructed.I read in another recipe it is best to add the filling just before serving as it can soften the pavlov base if added more than half an hour before serving.As for the filling, I’m planning to make soft served ice cream and sprinkle at the top crushed flake chocolate. I hope it will go well with the pavlova base.Also I read that Pavlova base can be stored in a cool dry place in an airtight container for up to two days. Pavlova should not be put in fridge.

Delicious and easy to make

I had never made meringue, before, but this recipe is wonderful!!I baked it in a pan that was too small, though, so my meringue was a little bit gooey. (But it still tasted yummy. 🤠)

I have made this MANY times - it's always a winner! I usually do fresh berries, sometimes with the kiwi and sometimes without kiwi. It's the perfect gluten free dessert.

The temp is too high. They burn in my oven. I've always baked at 275

I've saved this recipe for a while now, the local bakery sells mini pavlovas for $12 a piece and figured, I can make this! And omg... I did. And it was so easy and so heavenly, so light, so soft, mm so good! My kids love it because Bluey loves it

I would recommend letting the meringue in the oven to cool because when I took mine out it deflated and caved in, but otherwise, it was GREAT!

I first had Pavlova at a friend's birthday dinner. Wow! Now that I've used this recipe at home, it's become my standard dessert for impressing my dinner guests. And when I offer to make dessert for a dinner party, they always ask for Pavlova. This is easy, delicious, and popular. I left my meringue in the oven to cool off. As it was a foggy day, I wanted to ensure the meringue would not fall. So leaving it in the oven was the perfect solution to keep it from being affected by the weather. When I assembled it, the meringue was perfectly crispy.

I enjoyed making this pavlova with help from my nieces we had great fun folding in the sugar carefully. Lovely end result.

