THIS CAKE WAS SOOOO GOOD. We could not get enough of it. Like some others, I used the reserved pineapple juice from the pineapple in the cake batter instead of water. I also poked holes in the cooled cake before I poured on the pineapple. I toasted the coconut which I think made a big difference and I left out the nuts and the cherries. The nuts just cause so many people don't like nuts and it was for a party and the cherries cause I think it just didn't need it. The toasted coconut on top was perfect. It was GREAT the next day form the refrigerator too. Such an awesome cake and so easy to make.

There was nothing special about this cake.  It was good, but nothing to rave about!

I made this for my sisters birthday. So delicious! Just be sure to toast your coconut.

This is one of my favorite desserts. The frosting is fluffy and amazing! It really makes the cake. I bake mine in a bundt pan and cover the outside with coconut after it's frosted. I can't get enough of it and everyone loves it when I bring it to parties.

Loveeeee this cake! Everyone loved it! OMG...this cake this sooooo delicious... easy to make... not real sweet like some cakes are. I toasted the coconut and I think it makes the cake taste even better... the flavors are so tropical... This is my new favorite cake now=) yummy

Everyone in my nursing unit RAVED and couldn't get enough of this cake. Plenty asked for the recipe. I love extra moist cake, so I slipped a little bit of the canned pineapple (1/3c) into the cake batter, too.  Super light, right amount of sweet and tart, and I had to omit the nuts because I didn't want to take the chance that anyone was allergic. But, there's just something special about the way the dried coconut changes consistency when it hits the creamy topping. Soooooo goooood!!

Absolutely YUMMY!!!

It is awesome.  the only thing i would do next time, is after draining the crushed pineapple, I would take that juice, poke holes in cake and put some of the juice on top of the cake.  I chilled the cake in refrigerator before adding the toppings

Took this to a bbq. Used pineapple juice in place of water & put cherries on top after cutting into portions.  Well liked by all & so simple to make.  Thanks for recipe.

This was absolutely delicious. This is an easy dish to make too. My only critique or advice would be to note that unless you completely soften/whip the cream cheese you are going to have small lumps in the topping. I didn't do that and had lumps but I worked a long time to smash them and then once the whipped topping was folded in they weren't really noticeable. The only other thing I would do different like some other posters suggested is to keep the pineapple juice to drip on the cake. While I did pour some in the holes I punched into the cake, I think it would have been better to have some extra the next day or two to pour on the piece of cake to just moisten it up a bit. (I dreaded throwing out that pineapple juice!) Keeper recipe for sure.

Absolutely amazing please try you will not regret

