Some tips for those cooks who did not grow up downunder...

Malt vinegar is the traditional vinegar used.
This is the one recipe I do not hand mix. Out with the electric beater as it needs a good 10-15 minutes.
If there is any yolk in the mix you will end up with pavlova pancake. Break all eggs separately and carefully.

No stomping around the kitchen and no opening the oven door to check what is inside...otherwise pavlova pancake!

If you don't have suitable fresh fruit, grated chocolate is also a good decoration.

Way, Way, WAY too sweet!  I was very disapointed. ` Cut the sugar in half, at least!

Super easy. I balked at 395 instead of 370 for a crispier crust to the cake. Next time I will use Kiwi, raspberries and blackberries. Yummy.

I like this recipe. The only thing I would suggest is to use castor sugar, not regular white sugar. Also, once I got past the stage of adding in the sugar, I just mixed everything else in at once and beat it for about 10-15 mins to get the right texture.

delicious and fun to make! anyone who did not like this recipe is crazy! (at least to me)

Having grown up eating pavlovas, I found this recipe up there with the best.  Crunchy on the outside with a marshmallow centre.  Don't worry if it cracks while cooling. That's the sign of a great pav:)  make sure you beat the egg whites plenty and cool in the turned off  oven. The texture will change and become glossy.  I served to a bunch of kiwis... All pav connoisseurs and they all said, 'Delicious!'

I baked this last night and assembled it today just before serving. It was a huge hit with my entire family. It is so hard to find a gluten free, chocolate free dessert. I topped it with whipped cream, lemon curd, and mixed fresh berries.

this is my first time leaving a review.  i have been making pavlovas for years.  i learned how from my sister in law who is from new zealand.  this is the first time i make a pavlova that i could not serve. i followed the recipe exactly, and it turned out too soft.  i then compared it too other recipes, and i believe the oven temperature to be too low.  there was no crunchy outer shell. anyhow, i will try again with another recipe, bake at 350 and follow up with my results.

Here are a few more tips for making the perfect pavlova, my husband is a kiwi and have made this more times than I want to admit. First beat, beat , beat the eggs. Use "super fine" sugar not regular granulated. It helps it keep its height. Use white vinegar if you want a pure white pav. Using malt or balsamic will give you a off white color. Take a 8" round cake pan and draw a circle with it on the parchment paper. Pile the filling within the circle. Take a large spatula and smooth sides and flatten top. Make this at night and leave to cool in oven overnight. One last thing, I double the recipe for an 8" pav. Hope this helps!

I thought it was super yummy, but I"m on try #2 and I'm STILL not getting the stiff egg whites that I want (and yes I"m using a hand held electric mixer). Not sure what I'm doing wrong but it's driving me nuts!

Absolutely delicious! This was my first time baking and trying Pavlova! I recommend trying this recipe as it worked out extremely well for me. I followed others suggestions to pile the outside walls of the cake high before baking as it tends to spread out a little while in the oven. If you can't handle the sweetness, top it with raspberries as they will help balance it out.

