I have nothing but good things to say about this recipe.  This is the best way I've prepared ground beef in a long time; it could very well be the best ever!  As suggested in the other reviews I added some corn, carrots, and frozen peas, then created a cheddar-topped sheppard's pie.  My brother and I were in heaven; he even got up the next morning and ate the leftovers before I could, and this is a guy who won't ever touch leftover ANYTHING!  So if you've just found this recipe and are reading this review, here's my advice:  TRY IT TRY IT TRY IT!!!  You'll be amazed!  :)

This is a close approximation of what I would consider a typical New Zealand mince stew. But we don't have onion powder here and don't use garlic powder or teriyaki sauce (we use soy sauce). I wonder if it's been Americanised a bit. We usually have peas and carrots in the stew as well. The first day we serve it on toast. The next day it will thicken up a bit so the leftovers become shepherd's pie. It's the traditional food for those on a tight budget.

Part way through cooking I found some mushrooms and chucked them in.  Served with milky mashed spud.  Ohhh, yum.  I grated a bit of cheese on top too.Would make a great pie filling.

Very good recipe, good with sloppy joes

Made this as per recipe. Just didn't thicken with flour. It turned out perfect. Tasty and warms you up. Thanks 🙏 this recipe is a keeper

Omg I love this recipie. I added bbq sauce and Lea and Perrins worchester  sauce, my dad was English and he used it in everything. I also added cubed potato and carrot and corn. Reminds me of the mince my dad used to make and I miss him. Food brings back memories. Even making it made me closer to dad!

Use 3 teaspoons, instead of 3 tablespoons of black pepper.  I skipped curry powder and substituted 2 teaspoons chili powder for the onion powder.

The perfect kiwi tucker during winter time!  The entire family loves it and comes out perfect every time.

Husband loved it and he is difficult to please .I made it according to the recipe, with the exception of the black pepper where I only used 1/3 of it and it was plenty.  As some suggested I added chopped carrots near the end and I also made garlic mashed potatoes and put on top with some cheddar. Baked for 20 minutes and served. It was delicious. The only thing I will change next time is a little less ketchup or exchange some of it for canned tomatoes or canned tomato sauce, just to reduce the sweetness. Don't get me wrong it has a kick to it with the other spices also.

This was yum! As another reviewer mentioned, this recipe has been heavily americanised but if you improvise a bit it'll turn out ok.

This loose meat mixture was good, sweet, and very flavorful. I followed the recipe EXACTLY except I halved it because we are a small family. I only put in two teaspoons of pepper because my family doesn't like hot things and thats all I did differently. Not bad served on a bun, or over a potato. It reminds me of a German curry wurst, except instead of bratwurst there is ground beef in it.

