It may help users to know that Australian colonial cooks used this recipe to freshen up STALE cake. Storing the cake overnight in a tin is sometimes not enough to firm the cake prior to icing. I suggest leaving it on the cooling rack, uncovered, on your kitchen bench overnight. This helps prevent the crumbling that one reviewer had problems with. Also cutting the cut into squares of not more than about 7cm helps.  It is true that we Australians like to split the lamingtons in half and fill with whipped cream to make an old fashioned tea cake but some also like to split the cake before icing and sandwich the halves together again with a layer of strawberry jam. This is much easier to ice if your cake is quite firm.  I have never met a lamington I did not like and this recipe is no exception!

boo

Best believe I was pleased with how the cake turned out. I substituted butter with margarine, a little bit here and there. Overall the cake was a bit crumbly and requires delicate hands to coat with dipping sauce. For me this will be a start to finding a sweet spot for developing a good lamingtons recipe.

it was messy and nasty

they tasted really good but the cake started to fall apart when I dipped it in the icing so I just poured it on top and it worked well!!

This recipe was great,  although after leaving it uncovered for the night like one reviewer suggested, I couldn’t put a fork into it (if I had it would’ve crumbled), so instead I used a spoon to spread the icing onto the lamington (which I held in my other hand), which worked great. There was also way more coconut than needed.

Lots of lovely variations of Lamingtons gives us that richness of flavour from the colour coated icing on the outside embedded in dessicated coconut. It's a basic recipe, very affordable and easy to make.  I do recommend that if it is your first lamington to keep it simple and natural with flavours. Definitely first baking experience just an original Lamington without fillings to be able to perfect a Lamington before adding your own variations. Delicious for the entire family served with vanilla ice cream simply for great taste. ?? I love Lamingtons and definitely a huge hit for children as well as adults. You can never go wrong with making it IF you make sure to keep it Fresh soft on the inside AND on the outside with the coconut coloured flavoured icing. Thumbs up??

The chocolate icing is so unnecessarily sweet. Ridiculously so.  Almost uneatable.

LOVE THEM, LOVE THEM!

I made these today! They are delicious! I come from Greece so I am not familiar to them.
I did a few alterations which worked:
I added a little corn flour instead of flour (about the 1/2 of cup),
some brandy (cogniac) 1 teaspoon and a little des. coconut in the cake. I also put only 2 teaspoons of baking powder.
For the frosting, I only put 3 cups of sugar and 1/2 cup of cocoa and 1 teaspoon of cogniac.
I don't know how much different is the original recipe to this alteration.

This recipe was yummy and fairly easy to make. The only problem was how crumbly the cake was when I was trying to coat it in chocolate. I would suggest, and did use Dixie cups. I put the little piece of cake in, and then poured the icing on top, along with the coconut shreads.

