Substituted almond extract for the vanilla extract to make it more authentic.  Used 1 egg, not the egg substitute called for.  Tastes lovely.  Only baked for 8 mins.  I think baking longer would leave them over baked, at least in my oven.  Will definitely bake them again.  So pretty!

Classic Linzer cookies are and should be almond based! This includes almond flour (ground almonds) and almond extract! These are just a type of sugar cookie.

This was a delightful  recipe. I swapped out the egg substitute for a farm fresh egg. Next time I will use almond flavor rather than vanilla. I will definitely make these again! 
Baking time should be set to 8-9 minutes at most otherwise they get a bit overdone.

I made these cookies todat with my granddaughter. She had a blast! She also really loves this recipe!

Cold dough was crumbly but when I let it sit out a while it rolled well. I do think I would add almond flavoring but otherwise I like this recipe. With my Amish raspberry jam filling they are yummy!

Crumbly dough we opted for another 50 percent more butter to make it better

Very good recipe, easy to make and enjoyed by all. Good cookie for those who have allergies to nuts, but would still like the thought of Linzers!

2.11.17   Set the timer for 10 minutes, and they were overbaked (actually crispy).  If I make these cookies again, I’ll start checking for doneness at 7 minutes.  Still, this is a tasty cookie, just doesn’t taste like Linzer cookies to me.  At a minimum, I’d swap out the vanilla for almond extract because there’s zero almond flavor in these cookies.

Substituted almond extract for the vanilla extract to make it more authentic.  Used 1 egg, not the egg substitute called for.  Tastes lovely.  Only baked for 8 mins.  I think baking longer would leave them over baked, at least in my oven.  Will definitely bake them again.  So pretty!

they were good. I over baked them (13 mins) -they were crispier but not burnt. my family liked them and the recipe was easy to follow.  I will definitely do this again!

Classic Linzer cookies are and should be almond based! This includes almond flour (ground almonds) and almond extract! These are just a type of sugar cookie.

