I really enjoyed this recipe...I didn't have green chilies so I used some jalapenos...didn't have cardamom pods but I used a good size pinch of cardamom powder. Cut back on the cayenne peper (was scared it would be to hot) it was a mild medium heat. Perfect for me...Super yummy..my family loved it! Will make again for sure! :)

This curry did not work for my family, did not like the overall taste at all, all I could taste was Turmeric.  I really think this needs to be reduced by at least 1/2 to allow the other flavors to come through.  Glad I tried this recipe, but I will not be making again.

Perfect beef recipe, easy to cook n had cooked many many time 😊

I hate ever giving a less than wonderful review but this is one.  While it looked good on paper, the end result was dry because there was absolutely no sauce in it for the meat or rice (even a little would have been okay- maybe if you shrink the amount of meat or double the wet ingredients and spices it would work).  The other issue I had was a lack of flavor.  You could taste a hint of hot pepper after taking a few bites but the curry "flare" was gone.  Actually, most of the flavor was gone- disappointing because I REALLY wanted to like this!

The family and I loved this beef curry! The spice combo was so fragrant , it made the house smell just like an Indian restaurant. I modified it a bit by adding 1 large diced tomato and about a half cup of milk for more simmering liquid it needed. when the meat was tender I finished the sauce with 2 Tbsp.  tomato paste and 1/2 cup heavy cream to adjust thickness.

i added canned tomatoes, green peppers and mushrooms and doubled the spices

the dish is very tasty we liked it a lot.

Made it as suggested, it was moderately spicy, but  if you are looking for authentic, take it from an actual Asian, this is fairly bland.

I did it in a pressure cooker and I would add another cup of water, otherwise amazing.

Great recipe! Will definitely make this again. We cut back on the hot peppers (by 50%) that was a good choice because it was still fairly spicy.

So Yummy! We left out the cloves (hubby doesn't like cloves) but otherwise kept to the original recipe.

