One minor correction - the word Malai in this recipe is derived from Malay. Reason- this recipe came to Bengal from Malayasia. Bengal, despite its topography and rich culinary heritage, has surprisingly ignored coconut in its recipes.

So good! I doubled the recipe and made enough for my household. It takes some time and patience to make, but it's absolutely worth it!

My husband loved this. To me, I was expecting a thicker sauce... but that’s ok. However, the recipe needed a lot more salt than it called for. It’s a good dish, I just prefer thicker sauce so I’ll stick to Indian or Thai recipes.

Really liked this! It was a lot of work, but the freshly ground spices added so much flare! I did add a sliced red bell pepper, peas and 2 grated carrots.

Can add shredded carrot, raisins, or any veggie that's not bitter. If using a garam masala paste instead of powdered spices, use ~2 tablespoons.

Very simple and easy to make recipe. I made a small change by frying the prawns first. And also giving some dry red chillies and bay leaves in the first portion.

I give this a A-. It felt a bit bland to me. I added a few pinches of salt and it really brought the flavors out. The sauce was a bit thin also. I may try it again and tweek a few things as the flavor was wonderful.

One minor correction - the word Malai in this recipe is derived from Malay. Reason- this recipe came to Bengal from Malayasia. Bengal, despite its topography and rich culinary heritage, has surprisingly ignored coconut in its recipes.

It's pretty easy to make but to me it just seemed like it was missing something. Like maybe if you added some carrots or something. It had great flavor and it was different. I didn't have any ghee so I skipped that part. I served it over sticky rice but I'm sure basmati rice would be better.

This is just awesome! I used to eat this in a nearby Bengali restaurant and was craving it for a while since I can't go there anymore. Made it for dinner tonight and it was just the same. Thank you!!!

