This is delicious!  I had never cooked anything Indian before and was a little skeptical but it turned out great.  Advice to others...do not buy the turmeric from the spice aisle like I almost did.  Buy it from the Oriental food section.  The difference?  One 3 oz. bottle for $9 or one 14oz. bag for $3.

A few things to note:  1. Traditional (and in my opinion, more flavorful) daal is made with chhana daal, this can be found in the ethnic section. 2. cherry tomatoes are never used in bengali cooking, I recommend 1 small tomato, diced. 3. I recommend using 1 large onion in the whole dish, 3/4 in the lentils and the remainder when frying up at the end. 4. The heat level for this dish is not high with serrano peppers. I would recommend using the small hot peppers found at an Indian store. 5. 1/2 tsp of turmeric is very mild to me. I would use 1-2 tsp myself, as it's very healthy for you and doesn't have a strong flavor.

Easy peasy

Really easy to make, and tastes good too.  A keeper!

I added more garlic, and it made it much better. Instructions could be a little clearer, but otherwise great!

Followed the recipe. Switched out cherry tomatoes for roma tomatoes. Authentic flavor!

My husband and I both really enjoyed this for dinner tonight. I misread the instructions and put the garlic in the fry pan at the same time as the onion. Still had a nice flavor, after I scooped out the burnt garlic. ?? The dish is so flavorful and easy to make. I actually had everything in my kitchen for the meal tonight! I served it over rice and alongside tandoori chicken- Yum!

Not as flavorful as I had hoped, even though I used extra Tumeric and bay leaves. I want to try again but with more Serrano chilis,  I was expecting a little more spice. Still a good, easy recipe and I loved the garlic taste.

I used canned cubed tomatoes. It was very good but I let it cook maybe 1 hr. The lentils have to be very cooked. Served it with rice and coconut curry chicken. Heaven

This needed a healthy dose of salt, but the flavors were actually quite nice.

Good recipe! I think it needed more salt but other than that it was delicious.

