I can't imagine why this recipe doesn't have more positive ratings!!! Firstly my local grocery store didn't have garam masala so I made my own : 2 cinnamon sticks 3 dried bay leaves 3 tbsp cumin seeds 2 tbsp coriander seeds 4 cardamom pods, crushed 1 tbsp cloves 1 tsp black peppercorns 1 tbsp ground mace Dry roast the ingredients, let cool and grind to a fine powder(you can use spice mill or coffee grinder). Store in the pantry for up to 1 month and in the refrigerator for up to 3 months. I also didn't have any creme fraiche so I used heavy whipping cream and one word for this : YUMMY!!!My boyfriend and I could not get enough of this!!  Please try this you will not regret it!!!!

This is a decent recipe, but it isn't as flavorful as I expected. Next, time I will use chicken broth instead of water and maybe add more salt.

This sauce was so good I kept thinking about wanting to add more things to the mix - like potatoes, vegetables, etc. Purists might not be happy with the lack of toasted spices and authentic methods, but I really liked it, and I liked that it was way less greasy/oily than most restaurant versions. Scales down by half well.

Delicious!!

Triple garam masala and garlic. Double tumeric and ginger. Cayenne stays the same.

I made this with leftover roast lamb.  I added  some potato and peas because that's how I like my curries.  Served it over steamed rice.  Very tasty.

My husband and I both like Indian food, and in addition to being delicious, this dish is easy to prepare. I’m adding it to my list of recipes!

The flavor is good though I did have to add some salt to my portion.  When I make this again, I shall do it in the slow cooker though as the meat stayed pretty chewy after only 20 minutes of simmering.

The flavor is good though I did have to add some salt to my portion.  When I make this again, I shall do it in the slow cooker though as the meat stayed pretty chewy after only 20 minutes of simmering.

i used chicken instead of lamb and substituted creme fraiche with evaporated  milk. It tastes really good and a favourite of my son

This is a great recipe for lamb!

