Thank you so much for publishing this recipe – I hadn’t thought of Waterzooi for years, although it was one of my favourites when we were living in Belgium.  More in the Ghent style, I added a few carrots, a clove of garlic, a pinch of dried thyme and ca. 1/4 bay leaf in step 2, as well as a few diced potatoes added half way through cooking.  It was so good we’re planning a trip back!

This soup is good but does not make me go "Wow". It was pretty good the day after, as leftovers (better, you could taste the leeks better). I used a bit less chicken.

I chose not to use the nutmeg, lemon juice, or flour to thicken.
I used more heavy cream, added carrots and potatoes for a more Ghent style.
I had this many times at different restaurants while working in Belgium.
My family loved it.

This soup has wonderful flavor! I did everything as written, only I used 2lbs chicken breast. I can see why some people added carrots or potato, because it is a thinner soup. If you like it thicker, I would add something. I prefer "soupier" soups, so I thought it was great as is. Thanks for the recipe!

This is delicious! It was a bit salty, so I had to do the old add a potato to absorb some salt. before adding the cream, remove the potato. This will be a go to soup in our home.

Yummy!  I did add carrots, potatoes and garlic. Taking the chicken off the bone is a must. Cook time was much longer to get the meat to fall off the bone. I would also take the skin off the chicken to cut down on the fat.  Crusty bread on the side was perfect!  I would make again.

i finally found a recipe that is very similar to the waterzooi my aunt used to make when we were little. like another reviewer, i too added a carrot, bay leaves and thyme. the flour and lemon mixture clumped up for me so i'll try adding some broth from the soup next time. i ate this great soup with toasted bread to soak up every last drop!

This soup is good but does not make me go "Wow". It was pretty good the day after, as leftovers (better, you could taste the leeks better). I used a bit less chicken.

This soup is absolutley delicious.  It has such a nice flavor to it.  I did add some cubed potato as other suggested - I really think it needs it.  Also the only thing I will do differently the second time around, is I will take the meat off the bone and shred or cube it before putting it back in the soup - the whole pieces in the soup were very odd for our family.

This was superb!  In fact I just finished a bowl of left over for lunch.  I did take the other poster's suggestion and added baby carrots and some sliced potatoes to the mix but all in all it was a big hit even with my 7 and 4 year olds.  The nutmeg is what took it over the top for me.

I don't usually like soups..my husband does; but this was a hit with both of us!  The allusive nutmeg and lemon juice flavors make this a hit (not to mention the richness of the sauce that doesn't feel as heavy as the ingredients would suggest).  The flour/lemon juice mix was very thick, so I added hot liquid from the pot.  Also, I followed suggestion of other reviewer and added bay leaf, thyme, garlic, and carrots, but not potatoes.  great recipe for cold, wet days.  yummm

