Yay! I have been looking high and low for a booyah recipe that does Door County justice. (Door County, WI has a large Belgian contigent.) This was great!  My only regret was that I didn't have the pork on hand, I will remember next time.

In my experience, this was not very authentic Booyah as made by the Belgians.

Wonderful. Freezes well and is a wonderful gift for a sick friend. I make in huge batches and separate into freezer containers.

Will definitely make this again

The recipe was great. The things I changed were: I put the spices in my spice grinder so that there weren't those woody Rosemary pieces to deal with as MAG'S MOM mentioned. Also I added 2 Tbsp. of Soy Sauce and thickened the liquid with a cornstarch slurry. I like mine more like a stew. Delicious!!!

This is packed full of flavor.  Really good with crusty french bread.  The only thing I changed based on personal preference was I only used 1/4 t crushed red pepper.  For our taste that was plenty of heat.  I think the only thing I might change next time is to use fresh rosemary.  With the dried, I occasionally felt like I was chewing on a splinter of wood.

Thank you very much for sharing this recipe. I'm from Wisconsin as well...reminds me of all the wonderful church picnics we used to go to when I was a child, with the huge pots of chicken booyah and the roasted corn...yummmm!!  My mother and grandmother used to make it and this is very similar to what they used to make, my grandmother was of Belgian descent. The only thing that's different with this recipe then what I had as a child was the addition of canned pork and beans. I'm sure its probably a "Wisconsin thing'!  I live in Florida now, and no one from here has any idea what it is...except of course for some of the 'snow birds'. Thank you again for the trip down memory lane.

I can hardly believe that only 3 people have tried this recipe.  I made this recipe and it was delicious.  It is a stew that will feed a crowd.  I liked the way that the different meats flavored each other, and it was very simple.  You basically put everything in the pot and cook it.  It is a soul food in my opinion and great for cold winter nights to warm you up.

In my experience, this was not very authentic Booyah as made by the Belgians.

Yay! I have been looking high and low for a booyah recipe that does Door County justice. (Door County, WI has a large Belgian contigent.) This was great!  My only regret was that I didn't have the pork on hand, I will remember next time.

This is a good recipe, which incorporates all different types of  meat which adds to the flavours.

