I'm Brazilian and I think this is a great Americanized version of this dish. Feijoada in Brazil is notorious for the "throw away" cuts of meat such as pig ears, tail and foot (my personal favorites) but I recognize that this probably wouldn't be a crowd pleaser in the U.S. Make sure you make a caipirinha to go with your feijoada ;-)

Absolutely perfect...even better as leftovers as the flavors penetrate even more

That is one crazy hearty stew.  My little family of 3 ate this for a week.

Great recipe! I adapted this to use in the instant pot, cooked everything for 45 min, natural release. Next time I’ll cut the liquid by 1 cup. I couldn’t spare that much meat so I used a small bag of real bacon bits and some fridge mystery meat.

I did make a couple edits. The meats I used included: smoked pork sausage, andouille, pork sirloin, pork tasso, beef jerky. The recipe turned out beautifully - the flavor was outstanding. I took to work for a potluck and had leftover so also shared with family and neighbors - everyone raved about how delicious this was! I barely used any salt - the variety of meat added plenty of flavor. I also doubled the coriander and cumin.  I will be making this again! It's addictive!

Very good, got too hungry and didn't let it cook down all the way so it wasn't very stew like.

Just made this for my Brazilian husband and received rave reviews! He did say my chunks weren’t chunky enough - bigger bits of meat are preferred so you can choose your protein when serving. The cook time took less than 4 hours. After an overnight soak, the first step took about 1:15 and step 2 took a out 1:30. The bacon and sausage rendered a lot of fat, so I ended up pouring off most and adding back what I needed to cook the onion and garlic. Also, rather than using water to top off when needed, I used chicken broth left over from the night before to add a little more flavor. Lastly, make sure to stir regularly during the last stage as it can stick to the bottom as it reduces; also, don’t be afraid to mash some of the beans as you do to help thicken and add body. I served it with couve (chiffonade collard greens sautéed in some of the reserved fat with onion, garlic, a pinch of crushed red pepper, and salt and pepper to taste), rice and orange slices. This is definitely getting added to my regular rotation.

This is very close to my grandmother's traditional Brazilian recipe.  I'm not sure how available they are but instead of breadcrumbs she used fadoffa and instead of beef jerky she used a salted, sundried corned beef called carne secca (sp?).

In our house we call this Meat Stew, which is much easier to pronounce than feijoada, and it is much loved by all. We have never been able to find the linguica sausage so we use andouille instead. It is a winter time staple and better the day after. The orange zest bread crumbs are not to be dismissed as garnish! So delicious!

Excellent!  This may be Americanized but the taste is close (if not better than) authentic feijoada.  I am adding this to my repertoire for sure.  Uma delicia!

