I made this last week for my Sunday School class.   My husband had me save a few pieces for us.   It is now a new family favorite!   it goes well with coffee in the AM or red wine in the PM.   It is delicious and very easy to make.   reminds me a little of pound cake but without the calories

Delicious & easy to make.  I topped it with whipped cream cheese icing & cocoa

Recipe was easy ,I had all the ingredients at home so I went for it not bad .very tasty fluffy and delicious.

I do not give 5 stars very often but I think this deserves it was I like a dense cake. 
There are so many different versions I have made. My fav is: swap milk with eggnog, as a tsp of vanilla, depending on the occasion a pinch or two of pumpkin pie spice.  I wonder about adding instant espresso.

Had a craving for cake and thought I’d try this.  Not disappointed! So delicious and light!  Easy to make as well .  Just added a teaspoon of vanilla essence.  Being a coconut lover I might add some coconut next time.  But as per the recipe it’s a winner for me! Only giving 4 stars because I think my coconut version will be even better!

I made this recipe as directed.  It did need about 20 extra minutes to cook.  It was ok, mostly just tasted of condensed milk.

It had a dense crumb and was surprisingly just sweet enough. It was more of a snacking cake and was great with a cup of coffee. I sprinkled powdered sugar over the finished cake and then over each wedge. I also added 1 t. of cinnamon and 1/2 t. nutmeg to the dry ingredients and 1/2 t. vanilla extract to the liquid ones. I increased the salt to a very healthy pinch; I estimate I put in at least 1/4 t.  Oh, and I did not make this cake three times as the "I made it !" feature says. Every click on this feature counts as a time you cooked it; I have only made this cake once!

Please check out my food blog at http://www.what-marsha-eats.tumblr.com

I bake quite a bit, and like the reviewer Chris, we also threw ours away.  We followed the recipe exactly, very simple to do, it had to bake longer than was stated, and it just didn't work for us.  No one liked the taste or the texture.  The garbage disposal happily gobbled up this one.  Bummer!

I was surprised I really liked this cake. We tried it plain and it was tasty, but I could see having it with fruit and whipped cream or with icing. Would make again. I have a pan that makes 6 mini 3.5" tube cakes, and they over flowed although they were only filled halfway so would definitely use a bundt pan next time.

I made this with my daughter and it turned out perfectly!

