I omitted the meat and used frozen mango chunks and this was a great recipe! I also served it with the Brazilian rice (you saute the rice with onion and garlic before cooking it) and a spinach, cilantro, pineapple salad and it made a delicious meal.

I have made this a couple of times and I am finally getting it where I want it to be. By the books this recipe is very very bland. The texture is fantastic, but the lack of flavor makes this meal seem only halfway there. The problem is that you need to add flavor without upsetting the balance of texture. I have decreased the water to 3/4 cup, upped the garlic, added cumin, added black pepper. This has resulted in a recipe that tastes as good as it looks.

Great, easy recipe for weeknights. We're vegetarian so we substitute the chorizo out for a vegan sausage and its great!

This recipe works very well in a crockpot after cooking the meat in a pan.

This was tasty and healthy. My kids (ages 3 and 6) didn't like it though.  I liked the sweet addition of the mango and included an extra.  I omitted the spicy ingredients (and used less chorizo), and next time I would include more of the spicy ingredients because the end result is very bland without.

This one should go into the regular household rotation like chili or goulash. Super satisfying with bold balanced flavors, but not too spicy.

This is a DELICIOUS recipe.  I used two cans of Rotel vs. tomatoes and green chilies.   I also used chicken stock vs. water and frozen mango.  The balance of spice and sweet provided by sweet potato and mango is perfect.  A new favorite!!

I like how easy this recipe is, despite all the ingredients; a little chopping, and then basically you just chuck everything into the pot. Contrarily, while I did enjoy the melding of all the different flavors,it was actually just a tad bland. I might try adding some cumin next time. I did use chicken broth instead of water, which I think helped a bit.

This was delish!  I made a  few changes -- since we are pescatarians, I substituted vegetable broth for meat broth or water, added 1/2 t cumin for each can of black beans and added lime at the end for some brightness.  Had trouble find ripe mangoes and appreciate the reminder that mangoes can be obtained in the frozen food section of the grocery store. Definitely a keeper.  Thanks for the wonderful recipe.

Made this dish the other night and loved this meal. It was hefty so I felt full. Will definitely add this meal to my rotation.

This recipe is delicious - I did follow another's advice and added a tsp of cumin, as well as a dash of hot pepper flakes.   I used canned diced mangoes and added them and the cilantro to the top of each bowl.  The textures and colors add to the mostly unembellished flavors of the diverse list of ingredients to make it a memorable meal.

