Ok, this recipe should be better explained. This is an extremelly popular desert and very easy to make, but you do have to follow some tips:

1. Until when to cook? Until, if you tip the pan a little bit, the "dough" appears to be lose from the pan. To make it easier to roll them up, wait another 2 minutes after that. 

2. You have to stir constantly the whole cooking time. Do not stop!

3. How to roll it: spray cooking oil in your hands (or butter/margerine). Take a teaspoon full of the dough and roll it, like you would do with clay.

4. After rolling: Roll the balls on chocolate sprinkles or on crystal sugar.

Good luck!

To me, these were just "ok."  Sort of like Tootsie Rolls, sort of like cooled but firm hot fudge, but different somehow.  I'm not the best judge because my sweet tooth isn't super-crazy.  We rolled them in coconut, crushed pecans, or crushed white chips, because it's what we had.  Made for a project on Brazil my daughter had to do for her (sophomore) Global Issues class.  She said she and her classmates loved them.  Of course, give a little chocolate to a bunch of teenagers and most of them will say "mmm.  yum!"

The brigadeiro recipe from tasty is much better and well explained.

I made these.  It was kind hard to know when to stop cooking them, so mine had a little bit of caramel clumps in it.  Still very good.  I dusted powdered sugar on them.  The taste was great, they felt kind of light though, once I chilled them they improved a lot.  Nice recipe if you are craving chocolate.

I tripled the recipe for a party and it turned out really well. Everyone loved it.

I had these sweet morsels for the first time at my son and his wife’s wedding. Her parents were born in Brazil. I love it

these tasted so good and were super popular, though, even after doubling the recipe, and making small balls, i only had about 19. thats ok though because they are really easy and i thought i was burning them but i wasnt

Other than this being very sticky and messy, they were easy and look great!  I had to stir a good 20 minutes before they thickened up enough. A d key to rolling is be sure you let mixture cool a bit and dip you hands in oil. Use your palms as much as possible to roll. The more you use your fingers the harder it is. But they look beautiful.

Excellent and easy to do my son loved it !

Had lots of fun making this. I substituted condensed milk for heavy cream and it turned out just fine. This was my first time making brigadeiros and I had loads of fun. I absolutely recommend this recipe. DELICIOUS!

10 minutes on medium is way too long, 3 minutes on medium was too long!

