Wow, so happy to see all of the positive reviews. My mom says thanks everyone. Just a note. The recipe that I submitted says to use PARSLEY, with a small note at the bottom that cilantro may be substituted. I guess Allrecipes figures Latin food must use cilantro. Parsley has much better flavor, and many people don't like cilantro. Parsley is used much more in Brazil than cilantro.

Great to see that everyone is altering the recipe to suit their own taste. I love how you can use whatever you want in this recipe; as long as you know the technique, you're all set to experiment. 

If you liked this recipe, try the same method with chicken as well. Thanks again!

I did not care for this recipe.

I love this recipe soo so much.  I’ve experimented with other cuts of meat and it comes out great no matter what. The meat and broth from it makes a great base for birria anything. I tend to use more garlic

I really liked this recipe. I finished it a bit in the oven and served it with fries. It was like eating ribs at a restaurant. Now,  I think I will reduce the amount of soy sauce as a personal choice. I can also see myself making it a bit sweet. Honestly, all the good stuff from the grill but without the heat and sweat you will get from grilling and in less time! The meat is fall off the bone indeed!  Will absolutely make it again! EDIT: Made it again with 3 tbsp of soy sauce and 2 tbsp of worchestershire sauce. The reduction of soy sauce made the recipe definitely better!

Make this all the time for my family.  My kids love it.  I take it to potlucks too and it’s always a hit.Accidentally discovered how to make it even better.  My son was “watching” the pot for me once and forgot about it.  The bottom pieces turned out nice and crispy.  It was already 5/5, it’s now 6/5.  Since that “mistake”, we now throw it in the broiler to brown and crisp it.  Then we return it to the pot and mix it with the sauce and spices before serving.  Delicious.

I am fairly positive these are the best ribs I've ever had. I was really skeptical since I'm used to smoking them but Wow! It was so unique I couldn't even explain the depth of taste to my mom. She drove across town just to taste them.

Fabulous as written.

Great flavor. My husband said he loved them. I used boneless pork ribs and Bragg's amino acid instead of soy sauce.   I also cut the water to just about 1/2 the thickness of the ribs.  worked great!

I have had ribs inside and out of the USA This is The Best recipe! It needs to cook quickly! After removing them from the pot, I pop mine in the oven for 15-20 minutes since we like to chew in our house.

OMG these were so ridiculous! One of the best, if not the best, recipes I've ever made off allrecipes.com. It takes forever to boil out the water, but stay with it. As the water evaporates it condenses and both adds flavor to the ribs and tenderizes them. The meat was FULL of flavor and just melt in your mouth, fall off the bone tender. Amazing. I can't wait to try this with chicken, too. 10 stars!!

I’ve been using this recipe for years and it’s always a hit with the family. I made some today to bring to our friends who are currently isolating.

