This simple little twist on basic white rice is like putting whipped cream and a cherry on an ice cream sundae. It's still the same, but delightfully enhanced. To give the recipe it's proper chance, I made it exactly as written--with the exception of using olive oil for the vegetable oil-- and we were simply delighted. There will be other opportunities in the future to play with it, assuming I'd even want to. I served this with "Baked Orange Roughy with Veggies" (also from this site) and sauteed baby spinach. Perfect.

Tastes like rice.  Bland.

I was searching for a recipe that was similar to a PR restaurant in my neighborhood. This was amazing copy. It needs to be paired with other food and is intentionally plain to complement your main dish. I didn’t have cal rose, so I used what I had - Japanese rice. Salt and oil really brings out a buttery flavor of the rice. The two of us kept going back for more and finished off the whole batch. Made this with pollo Al horno as the main.

It was pretty tasty but definitely needed some more garlic but a good starting point!

Wen I made this I thought it was a little to bland, next time I’ll add chicken broth to give it more flavor

Soooooo easy to make and so good! It’s my first time rice actually turned out good! Thanks for the easy easy recipe! Who knew adding a bit of onion and garlic would make this recipe so good!

This was ok. Nothing special. I like rice cooked in my rice cooker better. This was gummy.

THE BEST rice ever and sooo easy! I can't cook rice any other way now.

This was delicious with just the right amount garlic and onion. I appreciated the mellow flavor of this rice to go along with several Brazilian dishes, including a Feijoada, that are already packed with lots of flavor. Out of habit, the method I used to cook the rice was a little different and used a little less water (sautéed onion and garlic, sautéed rice for a few minutes, add in water, salt, and cover with tight fitted lid for the same time as directed in recipe). I will definitely make this recipe again!

Delicious! perfect for plain white rice.

Simple to prepare, with excellent results.

