This did call for quite a lot of washing and chopping, but all the fresh ingredients  (except for the oil & vinegar), made it so healthy, and very delicious.  It will be a great summertime recipe when the tomatoes and herbs are growing well- a little bit pricey made in the winter.  But worth it!

This is refreshing and delicious!  I forgot to add the cider vinegar though but I did add garbanzos (chickpeas).  Loved it alone and with white rice.  I ate it all before the brisket was done.  I'm making more!

great!

Fantastic recipe; you could easily modify it to make it more interesting. Very refreshing. The acid from the tomatoes, lime juice, and vinegar pickle it slightly. Adding some jalapenos or poblanos could be good.

This is an amazing dish!!  We had a new friend over for dinner from Brazil, who said - wonderfully authentic.  Thank you for sharing and this will be repeated.

Was great. Like a salsa.

I made this salad using the ingredients from the recipe, but chopping the cucumber , onion and tomatoes into small pieces. I substituted a red pepper for the green pepper in the ingredient list. The red pepper and the jalapeño were both chopped into tiny pieces. Everything else was added per recipe instructions. 
It makes the best seviche ever!  You could add fish, shrimp, or other seafood as a variation.

I made this for a party and it came out really well. I was mixing it with some rice and beans and it was a very good accompaniment. 

The only bad thing about this is that it takes 25-35 min. to wash and dice everything up with only one person doing it. Great to make if you are taking something to a party, but I would not recommend making it if you are preparing a party at home and making a lot of dishes. Takes too long to dice and you are ready for a nap after you do that.

Absolutely delicious slaw/salad! I used two small green bell peppers since I didn’t have any red bell peppers on hand. Other than that, I made the recipe as written. It might seem like there’s going to be way too much tomato in proportion to the other ingredients, but after everything is combined it’s a perfect balance! Mine only sat for approx. 1 hour and we thought it was delicious as is. We have some leftover and I bet it tastes even better today. Paired very well with steaks -- Churrascaria-Style Picanha (from this site). Will make this again!

