Fabulous stew. I would recommend a few tweaks: The listed amount of bell peppers is a bit much.   Half the amount of bell peppers is more than enough. I'd also do half red, half yellow bell peppers for added color. As well, I'd recommend a fish that is more firm/less flaky than tilapia.  I used cod and it turned out great. Finally, a pinch of chili flakes for an extra bit of zing.

I reduced the cumin and only marinated about half an hour.  Flavor was very mild, but I enjoyed it.  Partner did not...totally my fault...was too bland for him.  Next time will use full amount of spices, and marinate one hour.  It's hard to find the heat level we will both enjoy

I lived in Brazil for several years, and moqueca was one of my favorite dishes. This is a fantastic and easy approximation of that. I make it regularly; it brings back very fond memories. The only adjustment I make, being a lover of spicy food, is a few liberal shakes of red pepper flakes. Also, I use cod rather than tilapia. Most recently, I had some leftover mushrooms to use, and they were a great addition, uncooked along with the bell peppers. I use a combination of red, yellow, and orange peppers, for a splash of color.

I think it could use some more spice...maybe calabrian chili pepper or dried pepper flakes.  Also a lot of broth- instead of serving as a stew, I served it like gumbo with brown rice.  Good option for cooking fish in a new way, and bonus- lots of veggies.

Amazing flavour! 
Tweaks made: Added extra salt/pepper/chili powder to the gravy.
Extremely easy and fantasti!

I have made this dish a couple of times a month for a while for my husband and me

Pretty good. But not scaled for a husband and wife. I had to lose an onion, a green bell pepper. I also had to add water. It’s good now.

Followed the directions - used Northern Pike.  Outstanding

This was delicious and cheap to make.   I used canned stewed tomatoes simply because I have too many cans of them. I added two tablespoons of brown sugar and a little more salt and pepper.

Loved this stew. This is one of those dishes that you can easily adjust each ingredient for personal taste and it will come out great.

Made it exactly as recipe described, marinated 24 hrs, still too bland.

