Wow! My taste buds are still in heaven. This recipe ranks up as one of my favorites. I would make a few suggested changes. reduce the Cayenne, I like it hot but that is way over the top. I would use a dash or two for starters. boneless chicken thighs are a good substitute, they remain more moist. I would use one pepper with the seeds chopped. If you are going to use coconut milk, use the real stuff, eat less if you have to, its worth the flavor. one final suggestion, add the chicken back into the sauce for 15min on simmer.

It was o, it was kinda bland.

Delicious! We all loved it.  I left out the cayenne and jalapenos because I had houseguests. I also didn't seed the tomatoes because I was doubling the recipe and didn't want to bother.  I only needed 1 can of coconut milk for a yummy, creamy sauce. I am saving this recipe to make again!

We did not like this dish.   It includes two many seasonings that do not go well together and wasted my seasonings

Delicious! Our tastebuds are happy.I made modifications for ingredients I had on hand. I used a can of stewed tomatoes b/c I didn’t have fresh.  Also, I HATE working with fresh jalapeños (I always accidentally rub my eyes, ow) so I used pickled jalapeños.  I held the tomatoes and jalapeños until the very last step because they didn’t need to cook down like the fresh ingredients.About the cayenne… these reviews go back and forth whether one tsp is too much or not. Bottom line, you probably know your household so if you regularly use a whole tsp in a dish, go ahead.  Based on my family’s tastes, I halved the cayenne and it was perfect.

I followed directions. Frying the spicy chicken peppersprayed the house, make it difficult to breathe. Finished recipe then served. Way too much sauce, was bland. The only bit of flavor was from the cayenne and jalapenos.

Loved it! Added chopped corguettes and yellow bell peppers to add a little more colour. Sat it on a bed of egg noodles and garnished with fresh coriander and a squeeze of a lime. Filling, but fresh and layered with flavours.

Used half the cayanne, but could have gone with the whole teaspoon. Did use half a poblano instead of jalapenos, what I had, and less heat. Added some corn starch at the end to thicken things up a bit. Overall great, unique flavors.

Delicious! I reduced the cayenne to like 1/4 teaspoon and only used 1 jalapeno pepper plus regular coconut milk (tastes just so much better). I cut each chicken breast into a few big chunks, seasoned them and browed them on all sides. When I added the coconut milk to the sauce I added the chicken as well and let it cook in the sauce until done (5-10 minutes). Served it over rice. Really really good! I like that it made a lot of sauce

Delicious recipe. I added bell peppers to the recipe. In addition, I mixed the chicken in the final step by adding the chicken to the mix in the coconut milk.

A great recipe overall, but much better without the jalapeno peppers, which make it much too hot. It's perfect with all the other ingredients.

