This cake can be AMAZING with a few adjustments: I combined this with a few recipes that I translated from Portuguese because my husband is from Brazil and it is his FAVORITE:) I use 2 cups of flour at most. It can get very floury...only 2 cups of sugar instead of 2 and a 1/2, and I add a few drops of vanilla essence to make up for the difference. I like to bake it in two 8 inch round cake pans and poke each layer as a separate cake with a separate topping for layering afterwards.  THE KEY IS IN THE MILK MIXTURE: Do not use any regular milk at all! Instead go to a store and buy "condensed milk" or "leite condensado" in the international section of the grocery store. It is much thicker and stickier and will not make your cake so soggy!!!! Mix this with 1/2 the can of coconut milk and it will be enough for two 8 inch rounds for sure. Lastly, be sure to use either fresh coconut shavings or sweetened shavings. The smushier the flakes the better. My husband and all of his Brazilian friends say I make this cake just like it's made by the Brazilian Bakeries and their own Mom's- Give it a shot!!!

If this recipe only works when you change around all the ingredients, then it is not a five star recipe. Seems that everybody agrees that it has almost twice as much flour as you really need (minus one star), twice as much sugar (minus another star) and the regular milk is totally not necessary (knock off another star). 
That might make it a two star recipe, but, in my personal opinion, if you don't add at least a teaspoon of vanilla to the batter, the cake will basically smell and taste like scrambled eggs with sugar and orange juice in them. You need the vanilla to get rid of the overly eggy smell.

Super good

I believe I know why the cake has so much flour in the original recipe. On other blogs, this cake was translated from Portuguese as well, but in those recipes the recipe calls for adding some of the "sauce" (condensed milk and coconut milk) to the cake batter itself, which would make a higher quantity of flour necessary. But if you don't do that, you get a cake that is waaaaay too much flour. I recommend finding the other recipes as well to compare before embarking on this cake to find the perfect balance and save wasted ingredients.

Made this for Easter; I also reduced the flour to 2 Cups based on other reviews. Also, used 2 cups sugar, and shaved unsweetened coconut. Made in 9"X13" pan and transported in thermal bag with cold packs;  kept cold and traveled well.
This is one SWEET cake; goes a long way and while refrigerated, keeps a long time.

OK, I am an avid baker and married to a Brazilian, so I decided to make this and do the changes recommended after reading the reviews (1 3/4 c. flour, 1 1/2 c. sugar, 1 tsp vanilla & only 1/2 can of coconut milk).  But, after making it, my baking instincts kicked in and I knew what changes it still needed. The 2nd time I made it, this is what I changed: I continued with the already mentioned changes, but I added 1/2 tsp table salt to the flour/baking powder mixture (without any salt, all baked goods lack a certain "zing" that makes all the other ingredients come to life). I also used 2 fresh oranges to make the juice and I added the zest of 1/2 an orange to the coconut milk/sweetened condensed milk mixture.  That was a great, but not overwhelming, addition of orange flavor. I baked the cake in a 10 inch angel food pan for 35 minutes and after it cooled, I cut it in half along its "equator" with a serrated bread knife, so I could soak the bottom layer with the milk mixture and then replaced the top half and soaked again (as someone else had mentioned). I used a pastry brush to "lather" the sides with the milk mixture as well. I also lightly toasted the coconut, which was the typical sweetened shredded coconut, not flaked, but that was just because it was what I had on hand. Toasted coconut is always better than untoasted. This second time was absolutely perfect!  I posted photos of the cake, whole, as well as cut open. The original photo is not this recipe.

This recipe is pretty good *IF* you make some necessary modifications. I took the advice I saw on a previous review, that said to reduce the flour by half to 1 1/2 cups. 3 cups would be way too much. I also reduced the amount of sugar to 1 1/2 cups and added a tsp of vanilla. When making the milk mixture I followed other reviewers and omitted the regular milk, I only used one 14oz can of coconut milk, and then HALF of the can of sweetened condensed milk, and the cake came out nice and moist, but actually it was still a little too sweet for me. Next time I will put even less sugar. I didn't think the cakes appearance was very attractive with just the milk and coconut sitting on top so I decided to make some homemade whipped cream with heavy cream with no sugar and it helped balance out the sweetness of the cake, while making it look a little prettier.

this is just a bad recipie; I tried to make it, but there is both too much flour and too much liquid and too much sugar. The batter was disgustingly sweet and it didn't bake like any normal kind of cake. It was more the consistency of a pancake batter, but extremely sweet --  like due to using sugar and fruit juice.

If this recipe only works when you change around all the ingredients, then it is not a five star recipe. Seems that everybody agrees that it has almost twice as much flour as you really need (minus one star), twice as much sugar (minus another star) and the regular milk is totally not necessary (knock off another star). 
That might make it a two star recipe, but, in my personal opinion, if you don't add at least a teaspoon of vanilla to the batter, the cake will basically smell and taste like scrambled eggs with sugar and orange juice in them. You need the vanilla to get rid of the overly eggy smell.

Great recipe! Everyone loves it. As suggested by some reviewers, I cut the flour down to 1 3/4 cups, and cut the sugar down to 1 1/3 cup. Also added a few drops of vanilla.
For the topping, don't use any milk - 1 can of condensed sweetened milk and 1 can of coconut milk is all you need (will be enough for 2 cakes)

This cake was a big hit among friends and family. I did follow tips from other reviews, and was a success

