I'm brazilian, and I'd suggest you guys to drop the ham and get some nice smoked sausages (won't ever substitute the gelatin in pork ears or feet, which is what we use to get the consistency right, but it'll taste more legit) instead. 

This recipe takes about 1 hour to cook in a pressure cooker (which is how most people cook beans in Brazil, housewives haven't got all day to cook and rice and beans are a daily staple). Nowadays there are even electric pressure cookers with timers, which are safer. 

The feijoada will be perfect when the beans are very well cooked, turning into paste when you smash them. If you want the feijoada creamier, you can smash some of the beans and stir while it simmers for a bit after cooking it.

This recipe was hard to review. I had to make this twice. 1st I did follow as close to a T before I had to give in. 7 1/2 hours to make this dish, even soaking the beans over night. In step 1 it says to fill enough water to cover beans by 3 inches. That's alot of water depending on the size vessel you are using. That's my mistake in the 1st round. However, the hamhocks did not pull off the bone in 1 hour either in part 2 of the directions. And I waited and had 2 pots going for 3 1/2 hours before just frying the 3rd step on the stove and adding all together. I was very disappointed the flavor was no more then tasting like watered down pintos meat and beans after 7 1/2 hours . Day 2 I started over again. This time determined to get it to what it was suppose to be. I started the hamhocks 1st (still took 2 hours) then in another pan put oil, onions, garlic, and  meats together and saute'ed, added hamhocks and broth, then the soaked beans, and water to an inch and 1/2 over beans, then bay leaf and coriander, boiled on high for 20 minutes, then simmered for 2 hours, added cilantro and parsley and cooked about another 30 minutes or so until hamhocks were tender and falling apart and beans were tender. The flavor was way better then the 1st time but was still liquidy, so I added a thickening agent to the broth and it came out very well. With the changes, it was really good. But it was a frustrating recipe to follow. The time line isn't correct here. A minimum 4 1/2 hours to cook.

I made it the same and I love it. It wos amazing.

So disappointed with this recipe after following not only the original recipe but the hints others posted. Ham hocks and beans simmered for 4 hours and result was very bland.  Salt and pepper did not improve the recipe to the point of my expectations. For all the work this one took, I will not be repeating this recipe.

I didn't follow the recipe exactly, but I got exactly the results I was looking for.  This weekend, our fridge went on the fritz. So I decided to try making feijoada. I used to have a Brazilian significant other, so I have tried many different Brazilian recipes. She was an excellent cook, and apparently made the best feijoada according to her friends and family. I used 5 cans of different beans, and leftover meat, and some Italian sausages that had thawed. I basically followed this recipe, because it seemed the closest to what I wanted. I started it about 8 hours ago, and it is delicious! For me, the keys to feijoada are beans, Churrasco sausage, smoked bacon(including the cooked fat), a bit of onion and garlic. Adjust until you are happy. Cook at a low heat after bringing it to a boil and make sure it doesn't burn. You can use many different ingredients to get you there as long as you deviate too far. I used Spicy Italian Sausage, left over BBQed Pork Tenderloin, 1/2 dried Churrasco Sausage, and some left over sirloin steak.

Excellent!  We didn't have ham hocks but had lots of ham.  We added extra ham, bacon and garlic.  It was excellent!  This is a keeper!

My 12 year old daughter wanted to make some bean dish she had at a friends house. Her mothers is Brazilian so I did a search and this was the first recipe that came up. We made it as is. No sausage. We served it over white rice. Will definitely make again.

I made it with considerably less Cayenne (although I like it hot & spicy, my family prefers to live on the mild side).  Regardless, it was still fantastic.

Broth was thinner than expected for a steel but the flavor was excellent!

It was delicious even though it's not an exact replica of my mother-in-law's feijoada because she does a little bit of this and a little bit of that with no measuring plus she uses dry meat which is hard to find.  BUT,  that being said this version is still pretty close.  We added a bunch more garlic but that was the only change.  Thanks for sharing this!  Yum!!!

Loved it! I added roasted chopped tomatoes with jalapenos to give it a kick. I would like to try to add chicken in the future ??

