There will probably be a couple of questions that will come up a ton so I thought I would post the answers and perhaps keep people from hesitating to make the recipe. First, he uses only one egg in the video but the recipe calls for two. The reason is that for the video he only made 1/2 batch. It's easy to miss that part. Second, you can't substitute ANYTHING for the tapioca flour/starch (both names are used on packaging, however, the product is exactly the same. Names are interchangeable) 

Having said that, this recipe is by far the easiest recipe I have ever made vs. the output. Never have I had so many compliments and pleas to make more for a recipe that required only 4-7 minutes of EASY prep. I used my KitchenAid mixer with the paddle attachment but did not vary anything else.
These are amazing!

Made this the other night. Came out great. I actually found Pão de Queijo "flour" online. Luckily a local store imported it. I followed Chef John's recipe except for the Cayenne Pepper. I thought it was kinda stupid to have it in there (I've had this in many restaurants and in Brazil) and NO ONE put in Cayenne Pepper. So freaking dumb. Anyways, the recipe is solid.

Just great.  Made it a few times and had wonderful results.  Thank you John.

I used two eggs for this and for every else I used Chef John’s measurements. I added a teaspoon of baking powder for a little insurance and put the dough in the fridge overnight to make it easier to form into balls. These were delicious! Alone or with whatever you want to fill them with. I had some for breakfast with scrambled eggs tucked in the middle.

The recipe was very easy to follow but the ratios are not correct. Mine turned out you powdery on the outside. The inside was chewy like the restaurants but need more salt. I’m thinking the tapioca flour should be less quantity. Will look for another recipe.

Excellent recipe!   Followed the recipe exactly, and it turned out crispy on the outside and kinda chewy in the inside.  I will make this again, but next time, i may try using sharp cheddar cheese, as we love the taste of that cheese inside of bread.

I went with Cheddar Cheese.  They did not puff as I had wished but I will keep trying.

Easy to make.

Note: If there was a way to unrate things I would but the website doesn't allow me so I'll just rate based on appearance and texture.

So I completely misread step 1 and mixed the flour with all of the ingredients listed above. Rather than starting over, I went to step 2 like an idiot.
I continued to follow the steps and mixed everything except the eggs. At that point, I heated everything until I felt they were warm enough and then mixed in the eggs.

Despite the butchering, the Pao de Queijo turned out quite pretty! I probably doubled the size since my ice cream scooper was weirdly shaped. The taste wasn't as cheesy as the ones I've had at Brazilian steakhouses but I'm not sure if it's me using less ingredients or if it's because of my mistake. The texture it's exactly like the ones in the restaurants though. Everyone still enjoyed it and I can't wait to redo this!

The only good thing about this recipe is the process.  The ingredient ratios are way off

