My neighbor's whiney little 7 year old stopped in as these were getting done. He hung around until I offered him a taste (He's like Mikey - He hates EVERYTHING). As it turned out, a taste wasn't enough. He asked for some in a bowl - which I gave him. He left and a few minutes later, the phone rang - it was his mom wanting the recipe. This isn't my review - it's Kenny's. Thanks for sharing!!

2 hours!!! I didn't read well enough and didn't leave enough time to try it.

Tweaked or subbed based on what I had on hand and old southern preference of throwing in some sugar to cut the bitterness. I used 3 ample T. bacon grease instead of bacon as sub, apple cider vinegar sub for red wine vinegar, added once all incorporated before simmering, to minimize the odor while cooking. I added 1/4 C. sugar, and used minced fresh habaneros as sub for cayenne, approx 2 t. minced.

perfect recipe! everyone loved it. I even forgot the vinegar.

this came out really well. My husband grew up eating collards and kaleI did not, but I have learned to love them

I go light on the cayenne since my family isn't into a lot of spice. And I use a crockpot, it makes less liquid and turns out wonderfully!

Delicious! Served with Hoppin John and corn bread for New Years Day. You'll need to use a large stockpot to be able to stir the collards prior to them cooking down.

I like traditional southern collards, but wanted to try something a bit different - voila! This is it! I've had it with bacon, but also used pork cutlets. Either way is delicious! Highly recommended!

I recently tried collards at a restaurant and was looking for a recipe that would mimic those collards and this is pretty closer. I used Hickory bacon, apple cider vinegar, and about a teaspoon or less of sugar. I love this recipe and will make again. I like a little 'bite' to my collards and the time listed was perfect for that. If you like your collards more tender you may need to allow for more time.

Made this dish with kale from the garden. Didn't have wine vinegar so used a mixture of cider vinegar and cooking sherry.Big hit, definitely will be making again.

My own "Brazilian Collards" were so salty!!! This was quite a surprise because I did use low-salt (50% reduced salt) bacon instead of the bacon I usually buy (salt-free bacon from the butcher shop). I guess my chicken stock must have also been salty. I will definitely make this again because it has the potential to be very delicious. I will certainly be watching the "non-added salt" though. Thank you Javagoddess for sharing your recipe.

