I have made this twice, in different ways, and this is going to be my preferred method: Use an entire 400 ml can of coconut milk (this is the reason for the rest of the tweaks--reducing the milk, sugar, and oil ratios). Use 100 ml skim milk. Use 3/4 cup white sugar. Use 1/4 cup oil.  Don't bother using a blender--to me, it makes no difference. Mix the dry ingreds in a bowl, mix the wet in another bowl, and then mix until just combined. Toast 2 TB fennel seeds and fold them in at the end. Bake 35-40 minutes and cool in Bundt pan on a rack for about 6-7 minutes, then remove from pan. Also, this is 16 servings (or 12 larger ones) for me, not 8. Have a warm slice with coffee--delightful. :)

We loved this cake! Used a Bundt pan and coconut cream (canned TJ brand). Delicious and moist. Was not too crumbly. Served with peaches.I found it good both warm and cold. When wrapped well it retained moisture in the fridge.

This cake is so good. Its sweet but not too sweet.  Only advice I sprayed my pan with Pam.  Still stuck to the pan.

A very delicious and filling cake. Not so appetizing when cold, but I enjoy eating cake slices warmed so not much of a problem for me.

Made it without the coconut milk. Used 1cup white sugar and half cup brown sugar. Everyone loves it. Will use this as my goto from now on.

Made it without the coconut milk. Used 1cup white sugar and half cup brown sugar. Everyone loves it. Will use this as my goto from now on.

It was really good and moist. Great for gluten intolerant kiddos.
I only put 4 stars since I made a few changes: 
I used only 1 cup cornmeal and 1 cup maïzena instead of all-purpose flour (very fine corn flour), 1 cup of sugar, 2 cups of milk (had no coconut milk) and added one orange peel.
Since I am very lazy, I also added the entire eggs at once.

I have made this twice, in different ways, and this is going to be my preferred method: Use an entire 400 ml can of coconut milk (this is the reason for the rest of the tweaks--reducing the milk, sugar, and oil ratios). Use 100 ml skim milk. Use 3/4 cup white sugar. Use 1/4 cup oil.  Don't bother using a blender--to me, it makes no difference. Mix the dry ingreds in a bowl, mix the wet in another bowl, and then mix until just combined. Toast 2 TB fennel seeds and fold them in at the end. Bake 35-40 minutes and cool in Bundt pan on a rack for about 6-7 minutes, then remove from pan. Also, this is 16 servings (or 12 larger ones) for me, not 8. Have a warm slice with coffee--delightful. :)

Loved it. Used all milk instead of coconut milk  since I didn't have any. Not great the next day. Ended up being a little dry. I think next time I'll add butter to it, see if that keeps it from drying up a little. Otherwise it was fast, easy and tasty.

Followed the recipe as outlined. It's too sweet and may be better with a coarse corn meal. I would not make this again.

