I am also Brazillian and I make this cake all the time. Yes the icing is supossed to be absorved by the cake. It makes it really moisty but ugly..lol.If you dont want to do that for the icing you can get a bag of unsweeten chocolate chips. Melt it in a pan with butter. careful not to burn and spead it on top. The unsweeten chips will break up the sweetness of the cake a bit so its not so overwhelming and it will stay on top and look pretty.

Good cake but I was disappointed that just like the other reviwer, the icing was absorbed, it looked weird but it tasted good. I'm also from Brazil and it has been probably over 10 years since I haven't had this cake.

The batter turned out to be so hard, I had to doctor things up.  Added an extra egg and a bit more oil, 1/2 can of coconut cream (not milk), one of those tiny bottle of rum, and also cinnamon and vanilla, as other reviewers suggested.  I only used 1 cup of sugar.  Held my breath for 40 minutes, but it came out fluffy and yummy!   Instead of the traditional chocolate coating, I made brigadeiro with semi sweet chocolate chips and coconut cream, instead of La Crema.  Turned off the stove before it became too hard.  Cut the cake in half and put some of the brigadeiro in the middle and the rest on top.  5 minutes flat and it was all gone.

Made it . Absolutely tasty.

I make this cake all the time (without the chocolate sauce) and it's always a hit with my Brazilian family!  The cake is much better by itself. Such a great recipe!

Absolutely delicious! Everyone in my household loved it. I’m also Brazilian and I prefer this version versus the American one. I think next time I will use 1.5 cups of sugar rather than 2 cups.

I made it yesterday and it tastes great. Instead of this icing, though, I made a chocolate ganache with heavy cream and chocolate chips. Super easy.

My cake was still raw in the middle, I guess it could've used a few more minutes in the oven, even though it was in there for more than 1 hour.

I made this for my sister and her Brazilian husband.  They live in Brazil and this is a very common dessert there.  She said it tasted exactly like the ones there.  The whole family raved about how tasty and moist it was.  I will definitely make it again!

Great recipe. My mother in law makes this cake and everyone loves it... Decided to take her on and challenge her with this cake. Turned out very moist, but a bit dense. For the chocolate ganache I used 4 pieces of dark chocolate, milk, butter and sugar till I got the consistency I wanted. Didn't like the hot chocolate mix idea, it's super sweet.

I'm Brazilian and this is a very good recipe!

I am Brazilian and this recipe is spectacular. One thing I always change is the frosting: melt 6 oz of 70% dark chocolate, add one tablespoon of butter and apply it to the cake.

