As a Brazilian myself, I prepare Caipirinha in a slightly different way: the ingredients are still the same (although you can substitute the cachaça for dark rum - it will then be called "Caipirissima"). You should crush the sliced lime (unpeeled, please!) and the sugar in a glass, mix in the cachaça (or rum) and a few ice cubes. As for the comments on using either limes or lemons, I can assure you that what is sold in the US as lime is exactly what Brazilians call "limão Tahiti". So, go with the lime!

as a Scotsman who has been to Brasil on many occasions- here is my take - 1. Yes limes only please. 2. Cane sugar only, unrefined if possible. 3. Im sure its great with pineapple and many other things but then it aint a Caiparinha. 4. No matter how good the cachaca, or how well you follow the recipe or how good the company is - it'll never ever ever  taste the same as it does in a bar anywhere in Brasil with the samba music blaring and the beautiful multicultural crazy clientel all around you - so do yourself a favour and go visit the most beautiful, hospitable and downright loco country in the world! and Yes Scotland runs a very close second- we just don't get the weather :)

Should be raw cane sugar, or if not available brown sugar.

Double the recipe and enjoy. :)

made a batch of these for a World Cup party thanks to a recommendation from a Brazilian coworker.  It has been our cocktail of choice ever since. Simple and delicious!

Super basic and all you need for a perfect cocktail. 
**Limes are essential; lemons aren’t ever used!  Lemons are not readily avail in Brazil (&South  America)  
Peel and all are thrown into a glass and broken down quickly with ice using a pestal.

I had never heard of this drink until someone had brought us the Cachaca and told us we had to try it. Very simple recipe, easy to make and very tasty. I used American limes, really good!

Whoa baby! I made these for ladies' weekend at the cabin to have with pulled pork. I put them in shot glasses to start and am so glad I did! These taste a lot like lemoncello, but more tart not so sweet. I will make again and want to mix in club soda for a refreshing summer beverage without ALL the kick!

Use good quality cachaca. There is no real mix to speak of, so use lots of ice and sip as the ice melts. Fabulous on a hot day. I found the amounts of sugar to lime were just right: not too sweet, not too tart.

Finally found the rum needed to make these but it was so worth it! Excellent cocktail

I made as written and then ended up adding more sugar to it to help cut the bite. It was really refreshing and tasty!

