Kinda like banana crisp.... Most excellent

Although the ingredients are healthy, which we try to incorporate into our menu, this wasn't one of our favourites.  The "crust" didn't stick together enough and the flavours didn't bake together, so it tasted like eating a banana with crumbly topping.  My husband enjoyed it though and did say that it was better cold the next day.

Very good. It seems like the instructions didn't let ppl know to flip it over lol . Here are my results

looked nothing like the picture...very dry!  use more margine and half the oats, flour and wheat germ.  :(  Feel like I just wasted 10 bananas

3.5 stars  First, either double the butter/margarine or halve the amount of flour, wheat germ and oats. There is WAY too much topping.  Second, the pie looks NOTHING like the picture. The syrup is on bottom.  Clearly the picture shown has syrup or some bananas on top.  Third, a normal or even deep pie dish is too small unless you halve the dry ingredients. If you use more butter/margarine and keep the dry ingredients the same, be sure to use a 9x13 type baking dish.  Fourth, we used 10 bananas and followed the recipe exactly.  It's too dry.  We used a large 2 qt baking dish which still wasn't big enough.  Solution?  Add milk and treat is like a sweet banana porridge/oatmeal.  It's got potential, but needs tweaking.  Also recommend doubling the syrup amount.

We liked this pie. I changed the proportions a little to suit our tastes and used butter instead of margarine. Next time I would use more syrup.

Although the ingredients are healthy, which we try to incorporate into our menu, this wasn't one of our favourites.  The "crust" didn't stick together enough and the flavours didn't bake together, so it tasted like eating a banana with crumbly topping.  My husband enjoyed it though and did say that it was better cold the next day.

Made it twice already and it was gobbled down both times! It makes a lot and is very filling and healthy! I wouldn't change a thing with this recipe, it really comes out perfectly!

Delicious! I made this for my Brazilian husband. There was something very familar about this dish. An excellent comfort food. I used Olivio spread for the light margarine. I used a 10" cake pan and would recommend doubling the syrup.

I thought this recipe was good but not great.  I'd make it again but I'd use double the margarine in the topping.  It was rather dry.  Maybe it was supposed to be that way, I don't know.  But I was thinking it was going to be more like an apple crisp type topping so I was a little disappointed.  I needed more bananas than called for, but the ones I used were a little on the small side.  The taste of everything else was great and I would've rated it higher if it weren't for the topping being so dry.  Thanks for a good recipe.  I really would like to try it again, just with that modification.

This came out very good.  I added coconut for some extra flavor.  The only other change I made was to sprinkle the brown sugar on the bottom instead of making a syrup and it still tasted fine.

