Very good- I did in the crock-pot instead and doubled the recipe for leftovers and added extra beans...next time I will lessen the liquid (too much for the crock-pot, as was more like a soup) and use reduced-sodium broth as the chorizo is VERY salty. Next time I will add some sauted green pepper and diced tomatoes to the mix- this is a keeper!

I was suspicious when I looked at the ingredient list and saw that this doesn't call for any spices. And I was right to be!.. this stew is BLAND. I doused it in hot sauce once it was on my plate and that helped a bit, but yeah, there's very little flavor here otherwise.

To the people saying it's too thin: you need to simmer it longer and let the liquid cook off! 

This was worth trying, but I won't make it again.

Pretty much followed the recipe but like others added my touch - used bulk chorizo and added canned whole kernel corn.  Also added coriander for additional dimension.

My kids couldn’t get enough of this. It was absolutely incredible. It doesn’t seem to be a recipe you’d think would be so good based on the ingredients but it’s an absolute hit!

Added chopped celery, carrot, and peppers

I added cayenne pepper, cilantro and sweet potatoes and served with rice.

I took this recipe and changed it so my family would eat it.  I added peppers and celery to the onions,  seasoned meat with pepper,  garlic, oregano,  and basil.  Added carrots, Brussel sprouts, corn, potatoes and broccoli to the black beans.  Finished it off with cream of mushroom soup to thicken it up.  Family loved it!

The first time I did it I did not have choriço, so I used 1 hot Italian pork sausage. This time I bought the hot piquant choriço from Minho. We found it a bit smokey. We will go back to the Italian sausage next time. It is an excellent recipe.

The body of the stew is bolstered by the nice touch of blending in pureed black beans. The sausage is crucial as it can change the background flavor. I think the spicier the chorizo, the better.

I can't rave enough about this dish! I took the advice of other reviews, decreasing chicken broth, and doubling black beans. I also added some frozen corn.  In addition I added Adobo seasoning and cumin. I don't have measurements for these spices because I simply sprinkled them into the stew and kept tasting it until it suited my taste.  In a separate pot, I cooked Rice Select, Royal Blend rice (a blend of Texmati, white, brown, wild and red rice). I served the stew by spooning the rice into individual bowls and topped it with the stew. This was a quick and easy recipe and extremely flavorful! I will be making it again and again. So many times I have prepared dishes with labor-intensive prep only to be disappointed with the final result, but my husband and I both loved this stew. It also reheats well.

I added more beans however after it sat it thickened which I added more chicken broth to loosen it. 
I'm testing up to 20 Brazilian Recipes for a Rio Party & Dinner Buffet. This one so far is voted positively.

