This is a great recipe and I've already made it 3 times.  Three notes: one, condensed milk is already so sweet, I don't add sugar.  second, in order for it to have a mousse consistency, it's best to let it sit in the refrigerator overnight (if it doesn't refrigerate long enough, it will taste yummy but won't have the right consistency).  The last note is that once I didn't have enough passion fruit juice, I added lemon juice - it turned out really great!  Since (as I've mentioned) condensed milk is so sweet, I'd imagine you can substitute the passion fruit with citrus/acid fruits.

I tried two recipes, and this was one of them.  It tasted good, but it didn't set up.  It was just creamy.  I tried it again, adding gelatin, and it didn't set up then, either.  My friend told me that there isn't enough acid in the passion fruit to help it set, so I modified this recipe and it turned out GREAT!  

What I did was I added 1 can sweetened condensed milk to a blender .  After straining 7-8 passion fruits through a sieve (I also added a tiny bit of water)(reserving the seeds for a topping), I put the passion fruit juice in the empty condensed milk can, and then added the juice of a lime (or lemon), until the can was a little over 1/2 full, and threw that in the blender.  I also added heavy cream.  It set up immediately, and it tasted great.  I put the mousse in a bowl, and added the seeds to the top.  I couldn't taste the lime at all.  We ate half the bowl before it was chilled, but it definitely tasted better chilled.

Mine was very very runny. I made it from passion fruit pulp and this was a disaster  it wasn’t like a mousse at all. Then again everything I make turns into a complete disaster

Too sweet. Other recipe on AR that work better.

Super easy. I skipped both the straining and adding sugar. No need for either. Also - not sure what size passion fruits to use. I had 7 small ones that worked really well!

Super easy to make and didn't take long at all. Added a drizzle of passion fruit on top. Next time would like to add a dollop of fresh whipped cream and a mint leaf. My boyfriend gave it 5 stars and asked for seconds before finishing the first one, lol. I would serve a smaller portion if making this as a desert for company. It is very rich and filling.

Very good! I left out the sugar as other reviewers suggested and didn't miss it. Remember to chill the bowl and the beaters before making the whipped cream.

This mousse is out of this world delicious.  I followed the recipe exactly and it set up and turned out beautifully.  We even used dollops of the mousse to garnish slices of  guava cheesecake that I had baked.  YUM!

A little piece of heaven!

Great recipe, especially when you don't have much time for prep.  The tips helped.  In order to give it some texture, I sprinkled roasted almond flakes and tender mint leaves.  The best part is that passion fruit and lime takes away the distinct flavour of condensed milk.

Something to note is that brazilian passionfruit are giant yellow and so bitter you can´t eat them fresh (well I can´t) so if you use a purple passionfruit it´s probably double the amount and leave the sugar out and maybe add some lemon juice.    I made this as per the recipe with Brazilian Maracuya since I live in South America.  Yummy.

