OK, I'm lazy and took a lot of shortcuts.  Instead of dry beans, I used two cans of drained black beans.  I also substituted a can of diced tomato and dried parsley for the fresh ingredients.  I fried the bacon first and drained all but a little of the fat before adding the onions, garlic and carrot.  Once they were tender, I added the beans and other ingredients and cooked until warm.  This recipe was delicious as a side or on a tortilla with other fixings.  My kids loved it, too!

Like some other reviewers, I also used canned black beans, and I also microwaved the bacon. Husband thought it was ok but said I've made him better black bean dishes. I also thought it was pretty boring, and really disliked the smell as well. I won't be making this again. Thanks anyway!

I needed make this is a short time, so I used some of the short cuts I saw in another review. I cooked the bacon first and used the fat from the bacon to sauté the vegetables instead of the olive oil. I used canned beans that I rinsed first and a can of diced tomatoes with jalapeño since my family likes a little spice and I left out the greens. Next time I will add the beans last since they got a little mushy, but the flavor was fabulous. It was great as a side or t

I needed make this is a short time, so I used some of the short cuts I saw in another review. I cooked the bacon first and used the fat from the bacon to sauté the vegetables instead of the olive oil. I used canned beans that I rinsed first and a can of diced tomatoes with jalapeño since my family likes a little spice and I left out the greens. Next time I will add the beans last since they got a little mushy, but the flavor was fabulous. It was great as a side or t

great recipe! I didn't have carrots, so omitted them. Even my older sons are them. it's a keeper!

quite tasty, although i do think it was a bit dry for my tastes. Maybe next time around , I will add some stewed tomatoes. It went well with the fish I served, and I can see it also  being a main dish with rice.

Did not use a pressure cooker.  Just cooked them longer in a regular pan.  Added some Goya Recaito.  These were some of the best beans we have had.  My husband ate them two days in a row and wanted them the third day, but I froze the remainder for another week.

I didn't have black beans. Used white kidney and garbanzo. did add cumin, cyanne, and a pinch of nutmeg. I didn't have carrots but I did have a red bell pepper. Taste really good. Also added lime and a tad of zest to the mix.

What a great multi-purpose recipe!!!  While I have a pressure cooker, I opted to make these in the crock pot today, taking some others advice about some shortcuts.  I used 2 cans of black beans, one can of petite diced tomatoes (drained), and I sauted the onion, carrot and garlic in a little of the bacon grease.  I added a few drops of Louisiana hot sauce, and a drop of liquid smoke, in addition to about 1/4 tsp of ancho chili powder, and a little Arizona Dreaming spice from Penzey's.

It smells and tastes wonderful!  I could easily add a little chicken and cheese and make this into a burrito, or just roll this into a tortilla by itself.  I'm actually considering eating some of it with chips this afternoon.  And that's all above just being a wonderful side dish with something else.  A very worthwhile dish!!

Additional sidenote - if you have the time, the depth of flavor is fabulous if you cook in cast iron rather than the crock pot -- probably closer to that of the pressure cooker version.  Still probably one of my favorite recipes this year!

This was fantastic, will make again and again. I used 2 cans of black beans, drained, didn't have a carrot so chopped up a red bell pepper and added that instead, will always make it that way, the pepper added to the flavor. Thanks for the recipe.

Great, hearty recipe.  I was out of bacon, so I substituted breakfast sausage links instead.  It still came out delicious.  I soaked the beans for about 18 hours, and then cooked them in the slow cooker on high for 6 hours, but they could have still used another hour or two.  Other than the beans being slightly less tender than optimal (cook's error), it made an excellent meal.  There was enough to use as a side for dinner and for two lunch servings the next day.  I'll be keeping this recipe on hand as an easy and filling meal for busy workdays.

