Easy to make, unique dessert.  Very good, but on the sweet side. The egg yolk gives it a very moist almost gel-like consistency with a toasted coconut topping.  Sweetness could certainly be adjusted by reducing to 3/4 cup sugar and/or using unsweetned coconut. Could probably use different liquors for various flavors. Overall enjoyable and a great way to use up egg yolks you don't know what to do with!

I have heard of quindim but I`ve never made it. I was disappointed with this recipe. The batter was too watery. In the baking process egg liquid run out from the dough and I had coconut balls in an "egg syrup". They were delicious in their own way, but they didn`t look like Qiundim I have seen in pictures. Such traditional Brazilian sweets as Brigadeiro and Beijinho de coco are better and more delicious.

I replaced the second step of putting it into a pie pan and putting in boiling water, with just putting it into mini cupcake pan and then cooking it for fifteen min and then checking it, then another fifteen

This recipe was great! It was soooo good and simple to make! But I have a question how long will this last in my fridge?

Too sweet for me. I recommend using half quantity of sugar

Great flavor, however, I had to change the amount of time it took to bake mixture. The first time I tried this recipe, I bake mixture in oven for 30 minutes like the recipe mention, but coconut pastry came out watery. I decided to prepare this recipe again, this time allowing mixture to bake for 45 minutes and it came out great!! The only thing I recommend is allow pastry to bake at least 15 minutes longer, therefore, pastry won't be too watery.

I love this recipe. Simple and fantastic.

Amazing recipe and very simple. I added 2 tablespoons of vanilla and people loved it!

Since I have never had quindim before, making it the first time following this receipe is a complete bust.  After consulting my Brazilian friend, I found out this recipe has way too much sugar and coconut for quindim.  The ingredients and steps to coat the pan are not mentioned, which makes it very difficult to turn it over for serving at the end.

Easy to make, unique dessert.  Very good, but on the sweet side. The egg yolk gives it a very moist almost gel-like consistency with a toasted coconut topping.  Sweetness could certainly be adjusted by reducing to 3/4 cup sugar and/or using unsweetned coconut. Could probably use different liquors for various flavors. Overall enjoyable and a great way to use up egg yolks you don't know what to do with!

I have heard of quindim but I`ve never made it. I was disappointed with this recipe. The batter was too watery. In the baking process egg liquid run out from the dough and I had coconut balls in an "egg syrup". They were delicious in their own way, but they didn`t look like Qiundim I have seen in pictures. Such traditional Brazilian sweets as Brigadeiro and Beijinho de coco are better and more delicious.

