This is a great recipe, and I make it at almost every gathering and holiday!  I do make it a bit differently.  You can get air bubbles if the oven temperature is too high or water in water bath is not enough.  I like mine very smooth, and my husband likes it with bubbles.  So I make it both ways.  I do add water to my syrup and sometimes few drops of vanilla too.  Once it's cool, I freeze the syrup so it doesn't mix with flan mixture.  I blend 1 can of sweet condensed milk, 1 can (I just use can as measurement) of milk and 3 eggs.  I don't separate my eggs, and I find that I like 3 eggs instead of 4.

There is a much easier recipe...My husband is brasilian and his mother has been making this recipe for 70 years...Take a metal bundt pan place 1 cup of sugar.. We use more for extra syrup...Place on stove.. Heating sugar to a syrup...stirring aprox...15 minutes...swirl syrup in bundt pan covering sides...place in a glass pan of water... about half way up your bundt.. Place in a blender 12 eggs...3 cans condensed milk 14oz...3 cans of milk...(using your condensed cans)blend for 5 minutes..pour into bundt pan..Bake for 90minutes... on 400 degrees.Refrigerate at least 12hours... You can make different sizes...But this is the holy grail...If your blender doesnt hold it all ,you can pour part in a bowl..I have done both and it comes out the same.even if the ingrediants are uneven to start...There is less pans..No towels..No separating eggs...

No it is the best one

horrible!!!! did not turn out silky smooth like american baked custard i have made.  maybe 45 min is too long in the oven.

Instead of regular milk I use coconut milk and It came out great

I've made this 3 times now.  The best flan recipe we've ever used.

I love it!

I only used 1/2 cup of sugar, omitted the 2 tablespoons of milk and didn't separate eggs. I blended everything together. This is by far the best flan I have ever had.

Simply the best flan you can ever make, you got to try this recipe. I did have to alter the bake time, maybe because I have an electrical oven, after the initial 45min bake time I uncovered it and baked it for an additional 30 min checking the 1" from the center every 10min to see if it got done. Also I used 1/2 cup to make the caramel, I have a Batman mold and it was still too much. Next time ill see if 1/3 of sugar enough to coat the mold in a thinner layer.

This recipe was really hard to make but it was really good

This was my first attempt at Flan and it came out excellent.  The hardest part of the recipe was stirring the sugar constantly for fifteen minutes so it would melt and not burn.  .  I will be making this as a staple of my desserts for company!

