I liked this steak. It did remind me of steak I had eaten at a Brazilian restaurant. The meat stands out because it does not require a bunch of spices to make it. The marinade time is pretty quick too. I did 1 hour stirring every 15 minutes. My only changes were cutting the Kosher salt amount in half and it was plenty.  I also just broiled the steak on a foil lined sheet sprayed with pan spray on high as it was too hot a day to bbq. My store did not have whole sirloin just the large cubes and that worked fine. ty

Made this using a dry rub technique rather than marinating and it was still delicious.  Cooked using a broiler, but rotated every 5-10 minutes to desired temp.  Delicious.  Threw some brussel sprouts in to cook alongside the meat and complete the meal.  Will definitely do this again.

I loved this so much. I added some asparagus to the mix with Vigo avocado rice and I was in heaven. Great recipe!

Tasty! The only thing I wouldn't do is trim off the fat. That'd definitely make it not picanha!

Will definitely make this again.  Meat was tender & flavorful.  Broiled it on high for recommended times - look forward to trying it on the grill.

Very good recipe! Simple ingredients and easy to make. Doubled the recipe since I had 2 lbs of top sirloin steaks (about 1 ½” - 2” thick) and didn’t catch the author’s note to only add 1 extra clove of garlic. Ended up using 6 cloves and left the salt at 1 tsp. Also, only used ¼ cup lemon juice as I was worried about having too much of a lemon flavor. I marinated for 1.5 hr. and the steaks were surprisingly flavorful and well balanced with just a hint of lemon and wasn’t overpowering on garlic for us. I thought it could use a little more salt, but my husband thought it was perfect. Served with Vinagrete Brazilian Tomato Slaw (from this site), which was perfect with the steaks. Will definitely make this recipe again!

I liked this steak. It did remind me of steak I had eaten at a Brazilian restaurant. The meat stands out because it does not require a bunch of spices to make it. The marinade time is pretty quick too. I did 1 hour stirring every 15 minutes. My only changes were cutting the Kosher salt amount in half and it was plenty.  I also just broiled the steak on a foil lined sheet sprayed with pan spray on high as it was too hot a day to bbq. My store did not have whole sirloin just the large cubes and that worked fine. ty

