Ok, so I discovered this recipe about a month ago, and it is SO absolutely delicious that I've been making it almost 4 times a week since! I have also discovered a few tips while making some better and some worse versions of this recipe. First, be SURE to skin the salmon. If you leave the skin on, the spices won't stick to the skin side of the salmon. Second, don't put the melted butter on the salmon immediately after removing the salmon from the refrigerator. This will cause the butter to harden (because the temperature of the butter will drop), and will cause the spices to cake off the salmon while it is being cooked. Third, don't butter and spice both sides of the salmon right away. After the first side is ready (brushed with butter, sprinkled with spice, and then drizzled with butter), place the fillet in the pan with the spice side down, and then butter and spice the second side. Fourth, don't let the salmon sit in one place in the pan, shake it around a little bit while it is cooking. If you don't, the spices will stick to the pan instead of the salmon. Now this is a tip for those of you who have salmon fillets that are thick (like mine always are). You are going to have to do several things in order for it to cook all the way through. After you drop the salmon onto the frying pan, reduce the heat to medium low, and COVER. After 6 to 7 minutes on that side, flip the salmon over and cover again cooking for another 6 to 7 minutes. BON APETITE!

Good recipe, but waaaaaayyy too much cayenne pepper for our tastes!  We like spicy food, but this left our mouths burning!  I would divide the cayenne in about half.  Also I added some garlic powder to give it extra kick.

Easy-peasy.  Tasted great. Served it with rice recipe I made and a baked potato 🥔.  So delicious 😋.  Thank you for sharing this recipe.

cooked in the air fryer for 10 minutes at 390*

Perfect recipe.  I did not add any salt.  I used poultry seasoning as I did not have any thyme or sage.  Turned out perfectly.  You got me looking like a chef over here.

I read some of the comments and some said too red  hot. I only had 4 medium/small filets and 2 Tbsp of cayenne pepper seemed a lot. So I toned it way down to our tastes (about 1/2Tbsp). But added more black pepper and less  salt! Also a heaping tsp of brown sugar to really blacken. Followed the rest as written. Excellent. Will make again! Would have given a 5 but for the cayenne and the other helpful hints  were truly needed for success. Thanks Nikki Fillipone for sharing.

This recipe always turns out delicious!If you haven't tried it yet,  your really missing out.

We loved this! We have salmon twice a week so new recipes are always welcome and this was one of them. Very spicy but we like it that way! We’ll do this one again for sure.

SOOOOOOOO GOOD

Absolutely delicious!  I added garlic and 1 tsp of salt to the seasonings and only used half of the butter called for as I had 3 pieces of salmon instead of four, and had seasoning left over.  I served it with jasmine rice with parsley and sauteed peppers and onions.  It was awesome!

Good recipe. But too salty. I cut the salt almost in half, and it was still salty. I may have been a little heavy on the rub. I also cut down the cayenne.We will be making this again.

