I used Rotelle cubed tomatoes with chilies and they came out great.  Took to a party and had several requests for recipe.

When using roux  and okra, there is no need to also add file powder. File is to be used without okra. They are both thickening agents and only one is needed. Usually okra is used with seafoods and file is used with chiken and sausage. Some people will add some seafood with their meats, but usually don't combine okra and file in the same dish....at least not in the real New Orleans.

I left out the file powder and added 1 teaspoon of cayenne pepper, it tasted amazing!

Wish I had shrimp to go in it. For those who can't find file it is simply sassafras leaves dried and crumpled. If you know your trees sassafras is a wild native tree throughout the south and I think most of the rest of the US. It is also the original source of root beer. The root is cleaned and shaved into small pieces and boiled, to make a tea which can then be carbonated if you like.

I used fresh, instead of frozen okra, which may have altered the texture and left out the file powder. I added cayenne pepper, but it was still bland. Also, I prefer more liquid. Even after adding extra tomato juice, it was thick enough to be used as a sandwich filling. I should have skipped the roux, because it really wasn't needed.

I googled what to substitute file powder for because I didn't have it.... I used cornstarch instead ...... I also had to add one cup of chicken broth because it was way too thick to me...... it's okay definitely not my favorite I would try a different recipe next time ...... just my own personal opinion / taste .....

Just so all you northern people know, gumbo does NOT have any tomatoes or tomato sauce in it period.  It's not authentic if it does.  Cajun here, and this recipe probably makes a good stew but it's not gumbo.

Definitely want to get a little more creative with the spices as it was a tad bland, but it’s a great recipe and I will definitely be making it again.

After reading some of the reviews, I decided to make it without mushrooms, green pepper and tomato paste.   But we added two links of andouille sausage and three cups of organic chicken stock. Love it!  Next time we have to double the ingredients and make more!

I liked this! Easy to make and quick. I followed what other reviewers said and omitted the tomato paste and file powder; it turned out just fine. I like tomatoey things, so I might add the piste next time, but it was fine without. I also added a jalapeño and hot sauce to give it a kick. I'll make this again.

Gumbo is either okra gumbo or filé (sassafrass) gumbo. One or the other; they are never mixed. Keep it down home.

