Ditto to the reduced water. I also used the following spices:
2  parts salt
1½ parts paprika
1  part cayenne pepper
1  part white pepper
1  part black pepper
1  part granulated onion
1  part granulated garlic
1  part crushed dried basil leaves
½  part crushed dried oregano leaves
½  part crushed dried thyme leaves
½  part crushed dried parsley leaves
This type of seasoning base is used in many New Orleans restaurants, from Emeril's to Commander's Palace to K-Paul's. It's not a universal seasoning, but it's a base upon which to build the seasoning of a dish, and is very versatile. It can also be used to give a little zing to your everyday cooking.
The amounts in this recipe are given by volume. So a "part" can be a cup or a teaspoon depending on how much seasoning you desire to make.

The base recipe was ok - but in needed a lot of extra spices to make it flavorful. I did try this first before rating it - so that's what the 3 star is base on. After some adjustments I would absolutley give this a 5 star. 

1. Cooking the okra for 30 mins is way too long - by the time the dish is finished the okra is mush. 
2. I added - 2 1/2 tbls Old Bay, 1 tsp basil, 1 tsp oregano, 1/2 tsp cayenne pepper, 2 tsp salt, 1 tsp pepper
3. Reduced the water to 6 cups 
4. 2 tbls tomato paste
5. Next time I will add more tomatoes 

With the added spices and reduced water this was a AMAZING! I served over rice. This was enough for me and my husband to have for dinner and both take left overs for lunch the next day.

I added thyme, parsley, oregano, paprika and portobello mushrooms. Agree with less saute time for okra. Will do it again.

WAYYYYYY too much water.

Add chicken and sausage.  Came out great.

Great recipe everyone loved it

Made it super easy I didn’t add okra and added chicken, sausage and ham, also added potatoes to help with thickening...

I made same substitutions as another woman Karinok, 6 cups water, 3tbs tomato paste, 3 tbs Ole bay seasoning, 1/2 teasp thyme and oregano, 1 teasp basil, and some cayenne. I had to add garlic powder, I don’t think my cloves were large enough to taste. I used 1 lb shrimp and 1 lb jalapeño smoked sausage.

I added Cayenne pepper and made a dark roux. Made the Gumbo richer and spicy.

I added sausage carrots and potatoes to mine and if i had crab legs I would of put it in it too But Delicious

Meh.  Don't get me wrong, it was good, it just wasn't the gumbo I was hoping for.  
I followed the suggested alterations (eg. less water, more spices, etc) but it just didn't turn out as I had expected.

