What a wonderful blend of flavors! This recipe has a lot of flavors going on, so it can easily be tinkered with to suit individual tastes. For instance, hubby can't deal with "hot and spicy" so unfortunately I had to leave the hot sauce out.  No matter--since I used brown mustard rather than Creole, I added a little Cajun seasoning, and that really gave this a boost of flavor to make up for not using the hot sauce.  A teaspoon of salt seemed an awful lot to me so I used 1/2 tsp. and it was plenty salty enough. Unlike some others, I did use both the olives as well as the capers, the combination of which was a real flavor sensation!  This was just perfect to serve with "Perfect Crab Cakes with Green Onions," also from this site.

This was very good, after I fixed it up some, there was waay too much Creole mustard. And I even put the right amount in, I had to add sugar, more mayo, and some garlic powder, just to prevent the taste from being so strong.

Goes very well with anything blackened and also with friend green tomatoes!

I have made this recipe several times over the years.  Excellent and well worth the time to prepare.  I did substitute dried parsley in the winter and also added a half teaspoon of ground horseradish.  My wife absolutely loves this as well.  I usually prepare this to go with crab cakes but we use the rest up in many ways.  Great on fried green tomatoes.

Crunchy goodness!  Needed to use up some buttermilk so swapped for that and panko breadcrumbs.   May reduce salt next time by a smidgen.  Great end of summer treat to use what was left on the vines.

It turns out very well; however, it took me longer than 20 minutes to make it. It’s worth the time and prep!

I made this without the oil, olives, garlic, celery, and hot sauce.  I used a pinch of dried cayenne, and cut the mustard  and salt in half.  Still ended up too salty.  I made it to toss with shrimp and avocado as a salad.  Very zippy!  I had to add a bit more mayo to tone it down some.

omitted olives

make this exactly how it is...outstanding! Then decide your own flair!

Excellent explosive flavors, wow! I followed the recipe exactly as written. I just doubled the recipe. I’m serving it homemade calamari strips. Yummy! Thanks for the recipe. It will now be a staple sauce in our house.

The best remoulade sauce I’ve ever had! It paired well with my crab cakes and spring mix salad! Will be making again!

