My family loves this recipe!!  The only thing  I do differently is to add 2-3 cans more of chicken broth, otherwise it is extremely pasty.  It is pretty spicey but you can adjust that as well to your own tastes.  It's easy and makes enough to freeze for later use.

Honestly the only thing "cajun" about this is the cayenne & hot sauce.  I made this dish for my bible study group in NEW ORLEANS, my first time ever making jambalaya - and it wasn't until I was half way through that I realized this looked nothing like real jambalaya because of no tomatoes...but I continued on anyway and ended up with basically a chicken & sausage rice dish (I used andouille).  As many of the others said, the rice turned out mushy so I would suggest cooking it separately also.  This overall taste was good, nobobdy complained and some had compliments but I was just a little embarrassed to call it jambalaya ;-)

I'm sure the original recipe is just fine. But I doubled the vegetables after I saw the ratio per meat. I didn't make any other changes and it was delicious and wiped out! I did not find the rice to be pasty or mushy, just right. And not all jambalaya has tomatoes, I preferit without which is why I chose this recipe. If you like the tomatoes, there are plenty of recipes with tomato.

I was looking for something easy and good and I found it. I did not measure that accurately and I used catfish instead of chicken. My husband enjoyed it and I did not have to work that hard.

I have been using this recipe for a few years. I do tweak the recipe some and add jalapeños and old bay.

It has all the right ingredients except tomatoes and thyme. We always use Ro-Tel and add the Worcestershire and Crystal at the beginning, not at the end. I use Emeril's BAM recipe for my Cajun Seasoning and precooked rice, so a lot less liquid.

Ohhhh so yummy!!! We all loved it and decided this one is going to have to make the rotation of our most favorite meals! Because my 83 year old mother doesn't eat onions, peppers or spicy seasonings, I cut the onion and bell pepper in quarters so it would be easy to pick out of her meal but the taste would still be there!   I also omitted the cayenne pepper and hot sauce and used shrimp instead of chicken. The taste was still absolutely delicious!!!

This turned out great! Followed the recipe pretty close but I did add some gold potatoes since I didn’t have any celery on hand. Excellent recipe for a Cajun inspired tomatoless Jambalaya. I seasoned it with Greek Seasoning, Secret Aardvark Serrabanero, and added butter. Really nice recipe to use with leftover proteins like we did. Used leftover chicken breast, chicken sausages, and ground turkey patties.

This was wonderful and easy!  I agree that it needed tomatoes so I added a 15oz can of diced tomatoes!  I did cut the rice back to 1.5 cups and thus cut the broth down to 3 cups.  Nice flavor!  I am in Minnesota so don't know authentic Cajun but it worked for us.  Thank you for the easy recipe!

This recipe is so good... And easy!I've actually made it a few times..only change I have made was to add a can of tomato sauce (mainly because it struck me as oddly pale the first time I made it.... and I may have gotten a little heavy handed with the seasoning... I made the Cajun seasoning I found on the board, but its so yummy... Thank you for sharing this recipe!

Five stars! I made this exactly as the recipe is written. It was fantastic. Everyone loved it and agreed we will definitely make this a regular meal at our house.

