I love me some Chef John. This was a really great recipe; I just modified it a bit based on taste preference and ingredient availability. Instead of butter I just used olive oil, and since I couldn't find Andouille, I just bought a different smoked sausage. I added some hot sauce for a bit of extra heat, I used a large can of diced tomates, I used two green peppers instead of one, I used wild rice instead of brown, and I used chicken instead of shrimp. Tasted quite delicious!

I really like the ingredients, but I had to tweak the order and timing of cooking to make the recipe work. For instance, the rice is better if cooked separately from the sausage and vegetables and the shrimp need to be added well before the final 5 minutes to cook properly and augment flavor.

Very easy very good

This was a solid recipe, with a really good rice to meat/aromatic vegetable ratio.  I did make some changes.  I used fresh prawns, so it instead of chicken broth I used (and made) a broth out of the shells, heads plus aromatic vegetables.  The end result was very flavorful, but I might do a mix of chicken and shrimp broth next time.I also used parboiled rice instead of brown, because it holds the texture with higher amounts of liquid without becoming mushy, and it absorbs flavor really well.The cook time of the prawns was perfect: not too raw, not rubbery either.I fried and set aside the sausage like some people suggested, and added it about five minutes before adding the shrimp.  Since I was in Spain, I used what was available to me (chorizo).  I don't know if it still counts as jambalaya, but the flavor blew my mind.

Very good.  Added a cup of okra (frozen, thawed) and subbed beef smoked sausage for andouille.  Used long grain white rice, which reduced main cooking time from 45 to 25 minutes.

Great recipe;  I followed the instructions of others and did cook the rice ahead for 25 min.  I think. Next time I'll go for even longer.  This was too spicy for us, so next time  I'll cut back and then add to taste before adding the shrimp

Great recipe! As others mentioned, a few tweaks were made. We like it HOT 🔥 in our house so I added another pinch (or two) of cayenne, I used hot Italian sausage without the casing and then did a quick crumble saute of 2 links I had left over and added that to the "sauce", I used Rotelle HOT diced tomatoes and then also added a little more cooked brown rice with the shrimp to thicken the mixture. Probably no longer a jambalaya after all my mods but it was a big hit for my family and the flavor was AMAZING! Can't wait to make it again and try some other ideas!

I cooked rice separately as was suggested in a review.  The rest I made with no changes and turned our great and tasted wonderful.B

I never thought of using brown rice! I used microwaveable brown rice (which is already somewhat tender) and cooked it for less time, and it came out fantastic! Thanks for the awesome recipe.

Excellent!  Easy to make with a mandolin.Re:  Creole v Cajun:  Creole uses tomatoes; Cajun does not, historically. Good examples:  Charleston: Creole; New Orleans: Cajun. Of course, in modern times, it’s anything goes!

This was a nice weeknight meal.  I did not have andouille sausage so I used a package of mild italian sausage cut into pieces.  The spice mixture was perfect for me without overwhelming me with heat.  I cooked my brown rice for 25 minutes then added it to the sausage and broth mixture to finish for the remainder 20 minutes.  This worked well.  Will definitely do this again.

