Absolutely delicious.  I served this sauce over blackened tilapia.  We had my parents over for dinner and they loved it.  My dad kept saying, "wow!"  I read the reviews about the sauce being thin so I added about a teaspoon of flour to the warm butter to make a thin roux before adding the cream so that the sauce would be thicker.  Don't know if it made a difference but my sauce wasn't thin, it was perfect!  It makes it hard to go spend $25 for a dish at pricey seafood restaurants when it only cost me about $12 to feed 4. ***UPDATE***I have made this about half a dozen more times and now I saute a chopped shallot and a few garlic cloves, chopped, in the butter after the shrimp are done and I still add flour to make a roux before adding the cream.  Chopped parsley is another touch to make it beautiful!  This sauce is absolutely decadent!

As written this was pretty bland. It tasted like a thin version of Newburg sauce. I didnt think it would do anything for the expensive cod I wanted to serve it with so I enriched it with 2 egg yolks and extra cream. There was nothing  about it that suggested Louisiana cooking to me, so I sauteed up some onions, celery, bell pepper and garlic in bacon fat and stirred it in. I also added enough cayenne to get a good Cajun kick.

Excellent sauce for grilled or blackened fish.  I did not alter any of the ingredients.  I did slightly change the technique for the sautéed mushrooms.  Instead of starting with melting the butter,  I put only the mushrooms in the pan and allowed them to cook down on their own.  This brings out the natural juices (liquor) and more of their flavor.  When I added the shrimp I also added the butter.   The thickness was fine for me.

This is great with blackened halibut and used crawfish instead. My husband has prepared this twice and it’s excellent!

My wife already made it her favorite!  Changed a couple things! Sauteed shallots in butter then added the mushrooms and shrimp. Set aside. Made a roux with melted butter and Arrowroot flour.  Then added the cream.  Sauce was perfect!  Stuck together and not runny!  Deep rich flavors! Dont change using Madeira wine!

Would have been *very* bland without changes. Cooked mushrooms with salt, garlic and onions. Blackened shrimp in black pepper and butter on cast iron. Increased sauce with 1/2c butter (minus the butter used for other sautéed ingredients), 1c cream, 1T flour and 2T Madeira. Served over wild rice. Turned it into a 5-star recipe.

made this last year for blackened redfish ..it def was  a hit...only thing I did different  was add  a little creole seasoning like Tonys.. I don't think it needed any flour , but a little may not hurt..fixing to make again , 😋

Delish! I did add flour to thicken and also added crab meat. Perfecto!

Made this to have over blackened salmon, it was delicious.  I added crawfish tails & a touch of flour, but no extra spices as the fish & rest of meal where heavily seasoned. Didn't have Medeira, but the substitute worked just fine.

My husband can't get enough of this. Made it as directed, and loved it!

This was so perfect! I wasn't sure to spend the money in Madeira but it was excellent and I'll make this recipe lots! It wasn't overpowering our blackened redfish and wasn't  too spicy! I added some flour prior to the cream and some scallions and loved  it!

