This was a great "base" recipes for shrimp creole.  As one user stated, the sauce just tasted like tomatoes.  I used a 28oz can of crushed tomatoes and tomatoe paste for the sauce.  I also had to add aaaaaalot of seasoning to the sauce to give it some flavor. I added paprika, extra worsteshire, red pepper flakes, seasoning salt and a healthy amount of old bay.  I added these ingredients a little at a time unti the creole was very flavorful and spicy.  Also, after peeling the shrimp I added a little salt and pepper and let them marinate in the fridge with hot sauce for about 20 minutes.  Overall, this recipe was great, however if you like your food flavorful you'll need to add a lot of seasonings.

The 2T of cornstarch is too much.  Both my husband and I thought the sauce was too thick.  I'll try it again with less cornstarch next time.

I make this regularly. I add sliced frozen okra. I don't use chili powder.. It would be helpful to include what can be substituted for Cajun seasoning

Didn’t measure the green pepper,onion and celery, just eye balled it.Did add a jalapeño and sub the water for vegetable broth and adjusted the hot sauce to our personal preference.This is a wonderful, easy and flavor packed recipe. This is a keeper.Thank you for sharing.

This recipe is great !

Was a good recipe used chef Paul's seafood magic and added a jalapeño  for extra kick

I think like several other reviewers this was just okay.  I think everyone has to adapt a recipe to their own liking.  For me personally, it was too bland.  I am very sensitive to spicy dishes but this recipe was like tomato sauce with shrimp, and lacked flavor of any kind.  I followed the recipe exactly then tasted it.  I then started to add additional seasonings.  I think everyone needs to do what suits their own personal taste.  For me, this recipe was disappointing.

This recipe was very good.  I make shrimp creole about 2-3 times a year.  I usually make a roux and add on from there.  This was so easy, I can make it any time for a fast meal.  Thank you very much!

Soooo good, and so easy! If you want a little less kick, omit the hot sauce and use an extra 1/2 tsp of chili powder instead.

My only changes were to make a roux using lard and flour (no cornstarch). Cooked the roux to between blonde and brown, and then added the Trinity. Cook until the onions soften, and then add the garlic stirring for about a minute. I also added a teaspoon of Creole seasoning and 1/4 tsp cayenne. The rest of the directions are good, except you don't need to cook the shrimp 5 mins. Three is more than enough.

Excellent as written.  Not adding this and not adding that. As written.  Some of you need to just post your own recipe.

