I'm from Louisiana, and this recipe takes the cake!  It's one that tastes like you spent all day in the kitchen, when you didn't!  Kids love it too.  Wonderful with a salad, bread and glass of wine.  I highly recommend this one!!

I THOUGHT THIS RECIPE COULD HAVE BEEN VERY DELICIOUS IF IT HAD NOT BEEN SOOOOOOOOOO! VERY HOT.  I SHOULD NOT HAVE USED AS MUCH CAYENNE PEPPER AS THE RECIPE CALLED FOR. I COULD TELL IT WOULD HAVE BEEN DELICOUS OTHERWISE, BUT IT WAS REALLY TOO HOT TO ENJOY.  I WILL MAKE IT AGAIN, BUT NOT WITH THAT MUCH CAYENNE.

I made this recipe twice. The first time I followed directions and baked it, but it really dried it out. The second time after reading reviews, I made a couple of changes. I added about a 1/4 c of green onions, 1/2 c fresh parsley and used bow tie pasta instead. It was fabulous!  I used the recommended amount of cajun seasonings (I used Slap Ya Mama because that's what I had on hand) and about 1/2 of the cayenne. I think next time I'll use all of the cayenne as we like things spicy. Will definitely be making this dish again.

This was far best the tastiest dishes I have made recently. Everyone loved it.

I degorged a whole bunch of spiralized zucchini and threw that in at the end instead of making pasta. It was fantastic. I am NO ghost peppery queen. Habaneros are about as hot as I'm comfortable with but I have a decent Texan tolerance to spice and didn't think this was spicy at all. Maybe I need to get new cayenne but i added an additional pinch of guajillo chili powder, more Cajun spice, AND a pinch of chili flakes to get more kick.

No changes I made just as it stated.  I got the best compliment, I was told it was better than Copelands...

Great recipe!  Omitted the processed cheese, other than that followed the recipe.

I’m from louisiana and there’s nothing out of place with this recipe! It was amazing, added a small can of mushrooms when I added the crawfish. Turned out great!!

So I substituted  the cheese product  with  cream cheese, left off the cayenne pepper and Walmart only had  12 oz of craw fish- so we   put in  2 containers-  had squared spaghetti  to use. This recipe was amazing!! We had leftovers and heated it up tonight in  the Breville  toaster oven. Made a different salad both nights and paired it with a Seaglass sauvigon blanc $8.50. What an amazing meal both nights. This is a definite keeper and worthy of company. Delicious!

So I substituted  the cheese product  with  cream cheese, left off the cayenne pepper and Walmart only had  12 oz of craw fish- so we   put in  2 containers-  had squared spaghetti  to use. This recipe was amazing!! We had leftovers and heated it up tonight in  the Breville  toaster oven. Made a different salad both nights and paired it with a Seaglass sauvigon blanc $8.50. What an amazing meal both nights. This is a definite keeper and worthy of company. Delicious!

Baking it made it too thick and too dry.  Good ingredients but next time I won't bake it.

