Great job Heidi! This is a wonderful change for stuffed peppers. First, I steamed the green peppers instead of boiling them - easier to handle and that way they didn't get soggy. Then  I used the "Creole Seasonings Blend" recipe from this site (and less of it - apprx 1/2 tbls) and right before I stuffed the peppers, I added about 8 oz sharp cheddar cheese: mixed it into the rice & sausage concoction to melt. Finally, I sprinkled a DASH of brown sugar over all and opened another 8oz can of tomato sauce and poured over the top of that. Baked and viola!  We loved these! It had kick but it wasn't hot.  Great blend of flavors! My whole family thanks you Heidi!!

Husband really enjoyed.  I used chicken sausage and was concerned that the shrimp would be rubbery, but suprisingly enough they were fine, even the next day.

It was a wonderful recipe with a Jambalaya twist. Every single ingredient works perfectly. I just added chopped scallions on top as a garnish. Absolutely I will make it again.

We liked this very much. I made some changes based on our preferences and others’ suggestions. Since I was cooking for two, one of whom prefers not to be in the vicinity of a green bell pepper, I used one red and one yellow pepper and did not blanch them; I may do that next time. I used 1/2 lb. raw shrimp, cut into thirds, 1/4 lb. large-diced kielbasa, and 1/3 cup jasmine rice. For the liquid I substituted a 14-1/2 oz. can of petite-diced tomatoes, 1/4 cup water, and 1 teaspoon chicken bouillon concentrate. I included some Chef Prudhomme’s Seafood Magic seasoning with the other flavorings. I had intended to add grated cheese before baking but forgot (another tweak for next time). All in all, a success. I believe it’s the first time DH actually consumed an entire stuffed pepper!

This was definitely a great  twist on the traditional stuffed peppers...I did not want my peppers to be mushy so, I did not boil or steam them first.

I have made this dish twice and loved it both times!!

I’ve made stuffed peppers  before with ground turkey, ground beef, etc. But my boyfriend says that these are THE BEST stuffed peppers that he’s ever  had except I used tiny canned shrimp.

Everything about this recipe was amazing! From the easy prep to the quick baking in the oven. And the taste was incredible. Bursting with flavor! Definitely adding this to my list of favorites!

I loved it, although I tweaked it a bit. Used steak instead of sausage, a beef broth instead of tomato sauce and added cheese! It was delicious

Excellent recipe! Pretty easy to make and wonderful Cajun flavor. Thank you for sharing this recipe with us!

I made this for my husbands work crew a few times and they love it. It has become one of their favorites. I made it by the recipe the first time and topped with cheese, the second time I cheated and just used zadarans Cajun rice mix it was good but I liked the recipe better

