For those that had a problem with the batter falling off be sure to pat the fish dry with paper towel first and your oil is hot enough.  If you are using a basket with your fryer do not place fish in the bottom of the basket, leave the basket on the bottom and just drop the fish into the hot oil.  Doing this will keep the batter from coming off.

This was okay. I didn't have cod so I used basa. I thought it was a little bland.  I didn't have any problems with the cornflakes staying on fish.  If I make this again I will make a thicker batter and and more cajun seasoning. Also there is enough batter to make more fish.

Nice recipe! This ones a keeper. I added large  Argentinian red shrimp in addition to the fresh caught Haddock. From the other reviewers (thank you ) I also used Old Bay as my seasoning. I appreciate the community’s input and the recipes. Thanks everyone!

I tried this twice, I love the flavor but I can’t seem to get it crispy. I’ve tried higher temperatures and longer cook times and it still won’t get crunchy.

My family loved it!! I took some tips from other reviews as, pat the fish fillets with paper towel and put batter in fridge to cool a bit. The only issue is that for 1 pound of fish the batter and crumbs were way too much. Probably will do half of the recipe next time.

Based on the reviews left by others, I decided to double all of the seasonings in the recipe.  I did not have cornflake crumbs, so I substitued panko bread crumbs.    The crust didn't come out as pictured for the recipe, but it was very good.  I would make this again, with a couple of changes.  I would double the seasonings in the recipe, but keep the salt as stated in the original recipe.  I would also allow the fish to soak in the egg mixture for a bit prior to breading.  During the cooking, I did have some fish sitting in the egg mixture while other pieces were frying.  The pieces that soaked longer had a better crust on the fish.  Will be making this again!

Yeah this was quite tasty. Not perfect, but very good. I would probably double up on the spices next time.

I made it for dinner last night.  I used whiting instead of cod.  It was so crispy and the flavor  was good but I like my fish well seasoned. a little squeeze of lemon juice after serving brightened the flavor nicely.

It worked great for chicken strips. the only luck I've had with a good breading until now, was beer batter alone. super crunchy, the family was happy!

Awesome extra extra crunchy fish fry.  Next time around I will try putting corn flakes in the food processor to get a finer crust.  All around great recipe for any kind of fried fish I used porgy!

Definitely will make again!

