This was excellent!!  At age 73 I like spicy foods, but not KILLER spicy.  I omitted the cayenne pepper from the sauce--turned out to be perfect for me.  As another viewer suggested, I left the shrimp in the bag after the first shaking, refrigerated it for about 20 minutes while I finished my scotch and water and the deep fryer was heating to temperature, and then sifted excess flour off.  Placed in the deep fryer for 3 minutes, removed and covered with the sauce.  PERFECTOMENTO!!  I served it to myself with a spinach salad with mushrooms, hard boiled eggs, bacon bits, and the spinach dressing  from another contributer to this site.  I highly recommend this to any young, middle-age, or senior citizen.

Made these last night and they were good. I used EVOO for the frying and they didn't get as crispy as I had hoped so I would recommend a different oil. I also used a bottled Buffalo sauce (that I love) so that was easy.  I served it with a spinach salad and long grain rice.  Tasty - will keep practicing to make better.

Really good! I only needed one cup of flour, and I pan fried in a skillet so I didn’t need as much oil. The Buffalo sauce was great, but they looked and smelled so good coming out of the pan that I wish I had kept a few “naked” ones to taste. Pretty quick and easy!

This was fantastic. Reduced oil and dunked I.

Delicious!

Great recipe, I would recommend going flour-eggs-flour to make them more crispy.

excellent recipe.  perfect crunch and not too much breading. light and non greasy taste.

Very yummy.  I used a bowl instead of a bag for the flower and it worked fine.

I made this for dinner last night.  It was so good.  The key is to simmering the bufflalo sauce in a pot with all of the ingredients.  It tasted just like somthing you would get at a restaurant.  I will defiantly be making it again.

Really good, i left out cayenne and used Frank’s red hot and it was delicious. You have to eat it right away or it loses the crunch and it cooks fast so fry it last when everything else is ready  Or as an appetizer before.

This was delicious!! Kids love spicy food and this was a big hit!

