I first had blackened tuna a few weeks ago at a buffet in a casino.  I am not sure how this was my first time since I have lived in Louisiana for 24 years but it was.  Well as soon as I got home I searched and found this recipe for blackened tuna.  A few days later I had a friend over and we tried this recipe and what a success.  It matched closely to the blackened tuna I had at the casino and possibly turned out better.  This recipe is very simple and takes little time.  The only thing you need to watch out for is buying a cajun/creole seasoning without salt.  Because of the generous amount of seasoning you will put on the tuna, the salt content is extremely high if you choose a cajun seasoning with salt.  Just a tip for people who need to watch their salt content.

This is a really simple recipe, which is a good thing, but because of the simplicity, how it "turns out" depends largely on the quality of your ingredients. I bought a cheap piece of tuna and used a cajun seasoning that was just "ok" and my results were edible, but not great. I think that if you had a great piece of fish and a seasoning blend that you really liked, it could be a GREAT recipe. Simple, easy, quick. Great for a summer night. My advice would be to buy good ingredients and give it a shot!

I made this for dinner with some steamed broccoli seasoned with butter, garlic powder, salt and pepper along with steamed white jasmine rice and it was delicious; although the tuna steak's came out a little more on the done side. Now I know not to sear them too long. Thank you 😊

Great, easy recipe however cooking time is too long even with a thicker cut of tuna. Would recommend 2-3 min each side for truly rare blackened tuna. I used a hot cast iron skillet and it worked well. Served it over a great salad with foccia  bread, quality organic olive oil and balsamic vinegar reduction.

I went by the recipe and the cooking time was too long. The tuna was not "blackened," it was charred and burnt. We tried to eat it but not only was it burnt it was super salty. Not recommended.

SOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOD!!!!!!

GREAT. Recipe. Taste. Wonderful

Simply delicious.We, my wife & I, ate it before I could take a picture.

Recipe was AWESOME! First time cooking AHI and very simple, came out great!

This was really easy and really tasty- used cast iron skillet on the grill and it worked great. Served with black. Eans and rice and done cole slaw for a fast and easy dinner that looked and tasted great

Need only about 1.5 minutes per side. Really nice. I used the Cajun blend recipe on this site.

