I must admit, I was afraid of this recipe.  Have you ever seen a crawfish?  I'm a Southerner and had never eaten it, but this recipe intrigued me.  The texture is a blend between a cornbread and a casserole, so the name is a bit misleading but...........I really liked it!  If I make it again, I would add some more seasoning, maybe some minced garlic and Old Bay.  It definitely reminded me of something you would find at a Southern family reunion--comforting and somewhat mysterious ; ).

I am Cajun and I feel like I wasted my crawfish in this. If I ever made this again I would use sweet cornbread mix instead.

Good recipe.  I opted out on using pimentos. I used red bell pepper & minced garlic. I used 12 batch regular cornbread and the other 1/2 Jiffy cornbread. I did not read recipe close enough. I actually baked my cornbread first. Then mixed it like it was a dressing. 😆 Turned out wonderful!!!

I liked this recipe. It’s not very spicy. (I forgot to buy jalapeño). I added about 1/8-1/4 tsp red pepper flakes instead. I’ve read through the reviews. I don’t like bay leaf. (Old Bay sorry if I’m misspelling). I followed the recipe for the most part. It baked well at 55 minutes. I rotated the pirex dish a few times. Mine turned out custard like or moist cake or casserole. One of my friend called it a dressing. It’s delicious. I don’t like things to be too salty and I found the seasoning recommendations were correct for this dish. I added one minced garlic clove. I like spicy but a lot of the people I cook for do not. I was craving this and found it surprising that one pound frozen plain crawfish was $19.00. lol. Oh well, it tastes good.

Made this didn’t change anything other then added some Tony’s seasoning and my family loved it!!!! Greatest compliment a cook can have is to have no left overs, and I had none left over. Will be making again I did add extra crawfish being from Louisiana you have to

I made this Crawfish cornbread on Sunday. I brought frozen crawfish tails. I brought imitation crab meat. I used green onions, green peppers and a can of cream corn. I used garlic powder, greek seasonings and Old Bay. I also used 2 boxes of Jiffy. It was delicious. I felt like I made too much because it was only for me.

My husband was hesitant, but, admitted his error when we were eating this yummy casserole. This is so good and actually easy. My family don’t like veggies in chunks, so I blend them to a liquid and they love it. A new Cajun favorite. Don’t forget to use a bit of old bay seasoning.

This is a great recipe. I did substitute the jalapeños with chopped chili’s. Also I baked it in my pampered chefs stoneware baker @350. We make this often.

This is a classic cajun recipe. In place of cornmeal,  use 1 pkg Jiffy+keep the 1 tsp baking soda, in place of oil use one stick melted butter, increase shredded cheddar to 2 cups, your total seasoning will be 1 tsp Tony's, 1 tsp salt, 1 tsp black pepper. It's supposed to be a moist casserole, if you want more cornbread-like, use 2 pkgs Jiffy and keep everything else the same.

Total waste of time and ingredients.  Not very tasty, but very greasy. It's a nice idea, but this recipe is terrible.

This was absolutely delicious! I made a few minor changes/substitutions based on other reviews and I couldn’t be happier. No major changes were made, just a few tweaks so I could make it with what I had on hand. I used a box of Jiffy in lieu of cornmeal, salt and baking powder. I also used a chopped red bell pepper in place of the pimentos. I added about 1 1/2 tsp of Old Bay seasoning and a package of lump crab meat, along with the crawfish tails. It was fabulous! As others have pointed out, it is more of a casserole than a bread. Really, it is a quick and easy crawfish stuffing. Regardless, it is well worth the minimal time and effort required to whip this dish up. I will definitely be hanging on to this recipe. Thanks for sharing!

