Cajun-country reviewer here to say this is about as authentic as it gets, though technically a Cajun home cook doesn't use recipes or measurements.  According to Louisiana tradition this would be served on a Monday -- supposedly an easy meal for laundry day because of the simmering time -- accompanied by sweet, plain, or cracklin' cornbread and a glass of iced sweet tea.  Practically speaking, it's a tasty & inexpensive any-day meal.  Oh, and, andouille is a cajun sausage made in Louisiana & pretty common in southeastern grocery stores; elsewhere, you might be able to find it in specialty stores or else ask if the manager of your grocery store can order it.

ok, i live in metairie which is 10 minutes from new orleans and i have a recipe for red beans but i am always looking for new addition or techniques. This recipe was followed exactly.  This recipe just isn't authentic and not worth the time. sorry

Man that was amazing! No andouille but smoked beef sausage, some buttered rice and cornbread? Ohhhh yeah 😂 husband is in bowl #3

Delicious! Made the recipe as written except we added a cup of diced tomatoes.

Very nice recipe, but I'd like to make two comments.  (1) The ingredient list left out the 2 bay leaves and (2) I and all my recipe testers prefer the smaller red beans - not the kidney beans.  These are sometimes called "Cajun red beans."  If you haven't tried them, I hope you will as the taste is much less starchy.  Thanks for the recipe.

I found a Red Beans and Rice recipe about 20 years ago: which included Ham with it. I since lost that recipe and tried this one. Not as good as my old one, nor as spicy. I also miss the Chorizo sausage, but the Andouille is great.I do like my Cajun foods, and always looking for new ones to try: considering it's just myself to cook for now.

The only change that I made was using red beans instead of kidney beans. After assembling the ingredients, I thought that this was a rather bland dish. However, after it finished simmering, it could not have been better. This was my first time for Red beans and rice.

I made this last night with beans I soaked for another recipe then changed my mind to try this one.  I did it in a cast iron Dutch oven. I was not sure if the lid was to be on or off during the 2.5 hour simmer so I kept it slightly off.  Next time I will not use the cast iron Dutch oven - it got too hot and the temperature was difficult to keep to a simmer. I also think I did not have enough beans. However, it was delicious and will definitely make again.The only change I made was that I browned the sausage first, removed it, then did the vegetables in the oil from the sausage. I also added a ham hock that I had in the freezer.Should the lid be on or off during simmering?

I doubled the recipe, throw in 3 smoked ham hocks, browned the sausage then add the trinity and spices.  Soak beans overnight, and smash some of the beans against the side of the pot as its nearing the end. A little chopped unsliced bacon adds a little more of the ham type flavor to the dish ....mmm,mmm, good !

I made it twice. It's absolutely delicious.

This is my 1st time making home made red beans and rice I've made other home made beans & rice recipe before all came out great! But this recipe will also be a hit w/my family as well. I did twick it just a tiny bit by adding diced tomatoes & using chicken stock instead of water and I had Cajun sausage it came out really good as well.

