Very Good... This was very simple and so tastey. I made it just as the recipe states, except I used long grain rice.
 NOTE: Be careful after adding the rice and waiting 30-45 minutes, mine started to stick to the bottom. A Dutch-oven might be a better method of cooking if you don't have a very thick bottom pot. 
 I added some heat to it just before eating and it was even better (My own preference) my wife and daughter don't like the hot spices!

Just a few suggestions to improve the dish a little:  You shouldn't need to add a fat to saute the sausage as it already has enough.  I prefer a pure pork smoked sausage for this dish, but recognize that if you are not in south Louisiana, it may be difficult to obtain.  Try an independent meat market and you may get lucky.  I highly recommend stirring the raw rice in before adding your liquid--stir until every grain is coated with the oil from cooking the meats and seasonings; this will make the rice less sticky in the finished product.  It is at this stage I would add in any seafood so that those flavors can mingle before the rice gets completely cooked. (After cooking rice for 25-30 minutes, there's no way you will get anything to "boil" again as stated in step  8.) Next, even "red" or Creole jambalaya is not usually this red; I have never heard of using tomato paste in place of tomatoes in jambalaya.

Really delicious and easy to make! I couldn't really taste the cod or shrimp very well, but still ended up delicious. I added 2 bay leaves, cayenne, and some more hot sauce to give it that kick it needs.

The tomato paste really makes this very different from your standard jambalaya.  I would probably omit next time I make this, or perhaps add only half (if using from a tube instead of a can).  It definitely makes it "stand out", so there's no harm in including it, though.Cod is the perfect fish to use for this recipe, absolutely brings everything together and shouldn't be "optional" in my honest opinion (or else why not just use a standard jambalaya recipe).I also added corn on the cob halves in with the fish.  Definitely needs to simmer at least  15 min for the corn to cook, but the fish/shrimp did not get overcooked at all.  Also added about 1.5 cups more broth in with the rice.  Half seafood broth, half chicken broth would be great for this recipe.The real failing of this recipe as posted is the suggested spice mix.  First, add a couple bay leaves.  But the suggested name brand seasoning mix is SERIOUSLY lacking flavor and no one should use it just because this recipe lists it!  Just look up a proper cajun/creole seasoning recipe, especially one that contains oregano and thyme.  And if it still doesn't taste "right", when in doubt, add a little Accent/MSG.

This recipe was fantastic!  I did leave out the cod but I added plenty of shrimp,  and we didn't miss it.  Otherwise, I followed the recipe as written.  My husband raved about how delicious it was and we will be making it again many times in the future.

This was delicious.  Instead of the fish I used a 1 lb. package of crawfish tail meat, which I think made it more Cajun.  Even my 17 year old son loved it, and he's a picky eater.

I added scallions instead of parsley at the end and instead of cod fish i added white bass fish. The dish was delicious. A great recipe!

So quick, easy, and delicious! This was my first time making it and this recipe is a keeper!

Love it! Highly recommended!

I didn't like this. I went by the recipe with no changes. The tomato paste gave it a sweet taste to me. I ate the shrimp fish ane sausage. I also had to  add more broth.  I won't be making this again.

This is one of my "go to" recipes that I know the whole family will love.   Big thumbs up.

