Over the years I have tried a number of Cajun/blackening seasonings and some time ago settled on one that Hubs and I both love and have used exclusively since - until now. We also agree that THIS seasoning mix is even better.  Always mindful of Hubs' sensitive innards I reduced the cayenne by half, leaving all else the same.  We used it to blacken grouper in a cast iron pan on our outdoor grill - just out of this world. All the seasonings blend cooperatively with each other to create a whole new taste - in other words, no one spice stands out. And for us, cutting the cayenne by half was just right. Great recipe.

I thought it was just OK. I put it on a piece
of Talapia and some shrimp. In my opinion,
the taste of the oregano is too strong for my
taste. The wife didn't like it either. The only changes I made were I added a tsp of sugar and 1/2 tsp of celery seeds. I saw them in the ingredients list of Chef Pauls ($5.00) small bottle of 'Redfish Magic'. So, why not! The heat level was good.

It was perfect!

I used this recipe to make black n blue burger with bacon. Wow possibly the best burger we’ve ever had! TY

I make it in large batches as family and friends go crazy over it.  Teaspoon means 2 cups for my batches.

I used this with fresh Mahi Mahi in Hawaii. It was delicious! My whole family loved it.

I used it on salmon that I grilled.  It was better than at the restaurant.  I used smoked paprika and only half the cayenne since I don't like heat. It was excellent

I used this mix to make blackened shrimp and grits. Excellent flavor! I added 1 tsp of marjoram, and for the paprika I used 1 tsp of Hungarian paprika and 0.5 tsp of smoked paprika. It imparted a very nice smoky flavor. It’s a great base mix. Feel free to experiment with the mix to match your dish and make it your own!

It turned out perfect! One of my best steak meals I’ve made also using the Anova Sous Vide…

Great once you add a little salt.

Awesome! I made this last night and used it on some tilapia fillets. I sprayed my indoor grill with grilling spray and they turned out great! I love the heat level. This is a keeper!

