This recipe was fabulous!  I cooked it on the grill, instead of in a skillet and served it on a bed of linguine in a garlic butter sauce.  The subtlty of the linguine balanced well with the boldness of the snapper.

I cooked this tonight.  My husband and I were not pleased with it.  It tasted plain, didn't have any flavor, except burn taste.  I would recommend you to sprinkle some salt while the fish still hot from the skillet.  It might taste better with added salt.  I would not make this again.

we used to frequent a Cajun place with fish this great. Flavors and level of heat in the spice were soooo good. I served it with mango salsa.

This is a very simple recipe. I substituted the following:1/2T of the paprika for smoked paprika1/2T of the salt for Tony Chachere's Creole seasoningCut down to 1t of cayenne pepper because of the Creole seasoningCut down to 2/3C of butterI did not heat my cast iron skillet on high heat. I heated it on medium heat because the smoke would have overpowered the kitchen.I saved butter by putting my snapper fillets in a small shallow dish and pouring the butter and adding my seasonings in there. Therefore, I could just flip from the dish to the thoroughly heated skillet. No extra salt is needed and there was definitely not a burn taste.Very good and healthy. Served over a bed of rice and green beans.

ummmm followed this recipe exactly as written and almost burned my house down! yikes! I think the spice mix is great, but 10 minutes on high heat in my cast iron pan resulted in a flash fire when I did the next step. thankfully I had a pan lid close by and was able to smother the fire while simultaneously trying to cancel the fire alarm and answer the call from my husband who got the call from our security company....overall I give it a 5 for flavor a 1 for safety!

I had the ingredients but made mine a bit more spicy

My family just had this for dinner and it was delicious! The first thing they said is we are going to make this again. 

 I used less Cayenne pepper then it called for, but that’s just because I know the level of heat my family can take. 

We also used yellowtail instead of red snapper.

This is delicious. It satisfied a non-fish-loving husband, 2 littles, and a pseudo-health conscious me. Here's how: I reduced the salt and pepper by half. It was still salty--1 tsp would be perfect--and reduced the cayenne to 1/4 t. This was so my kids could eat it.  My husband would have loved the full amount of all the peppers. So keep it if you like spicy! I only used 1 stick of butter. It was just enough for a 1.5 lb fillet (same total amount as the recipe calls for), which I cut in half to fit in the pan. And finally, and most importantly, make sure you cook the skin side for 5 minutes (it will burn but you don't eat it so it doesn't matter) and flesh side for 2. Those with negative reviews probably did it the other way around. It was amazing. My hubs said "make that again" and he only tolerates fish most of the time. And it was fast and easy. Great weeknight meal. Thanks for the awesome recipe!

Tastey

Do NOT heat a cast iron skillet on high heat for ten minutes. Like several other reviewers, I almost burned the house down. I should have known better, but seeing all the reviews I thought, well, maybe that’s not as ridiculous as it sounds. Save yourself the trouble, turn the heat to med/med high and preheat maybe a minute. Two hours later and I’m still sitting in smoke.

Loaded with flavor! I used Sgt O’s seasonings and delicious

