UPDATE 07/2008:  I've been making this for 4 years now, and have a tip for you.  I clean and trim 2 "super-club paks" of chicken and put 5-6 pieces into four separate ziplocs.  I double the marinade, divide it evenly into each of the bags, stick one bag in the fridge to marinate for dinner, and the other 3 into the freezer.  Next time I need chicken to grill, I grab one of these and let it thaw in the marinade - Fast and fabulous!! END. This name should be changed to "Easiest Ever Super Tasty Grilled Chicken"!!  I have to admit, I was concerned that this might be bland since the marinating time was so short, but I was delightfully surprised.  My 9 year old (who "hates spicy food") proclaimed that it was one of his favorite meals.  If you're a working mother, this is one of those last minute no brainer meals.  If you're like me, and you didn't have time to put something in the crockpot in the morning, or you forgot to marinate something overnight, this is the recipe for you!!  And once you have all those spices on hand, you'll have them for a while, so you won't likely to be short an ingredient.   This is one of our new standbys!!!  Now, if I can just rack up a few more of those... !

I made the recipe exactly as written, only changes was I made them in Kabobs.  These were just ok, nothing special really.  I've had far better cajun chicken recipes.  Pleased I made this, as a quick and simple recipe but its not a recipe I will be keeping.

I made this as directed, except I marinated it for 2 hours. It was rather spicy as good Cajun food should be. I loved it, and can't wait to try it again.

Fabulous!  I made this last night and the entire family raved about it. Both kids asked when i can make it again. I didn't have full breasts so I used 3 lbs of chicken tenders which worked just as good.  I heeded the advice of other reviewers and used 1.25 cups of olive oil instead of 2 cups of corn oil.  For the garlic powder I used a scant tablespoon which worked out great.  I may try this recipe with fish too.  I served It with roasted broccoli and rice.

This was Delicious! Crispy outside, juicy inside. The only change I made was to cut the recipe in half b/c I only used 5 breasts instead of 10. The flavors were perfect together . I served with chicken & vegetable rice & a salad. Definitely a keeper!

I enjoyed the flavor, and it was quite moist and tender. My adjustments are mainly to the marinade. I agree with those who do not prefer vegetable oil (I used mostly canola and a little olive). I added a little Old Bay, lemon juice and onion powder to my marinade. I reduced the oil, but will reduce more next time. It is difficult to tell how much to use, because there is no weight provided for the amount of chicken to use, which also contributes to the saltiness, as we’re guessing if the given seasoning amounts are proportionate to the amount of chicken. I would suggest a 25% reduction. The only thing that was good about it, is since I chose to use the dish instead of a Ziploc bag, the oil did fully cover the chicken. I only had to turn it once halfway through. I believe I used about 3 lbs. of a family pack of boneless, skinless breast halves with 1 3/4 cups oil. I would also suggest blooming the seasonings before adding to the oil in the marinade and adding fresh garlic, onion and citrus. Also, I needed to prepare ahead, so I marinated overnight, and that may have caused more saltiness. The amount of seasonings called for is likely due to the shorter, 30 minute marinating time.

Way over cooked at six minutes aside and a half inch chicken breast get real I did mine for three minutes each side delicious where did your cooks come from

Tastes like fairly basic grilled chicken. Healthy perhaps, but not overly inventive or groundbreaking when it comes to flavor profile.

Wow this chicken was a HIT. My guests all had different flavor preferences and they all agreed this was a win win. 

Boyfriend: loves Greek and Mediterranean or citrusy flavors 
Guest 1: loves sweet, tangy, bbq flavors. Loves Mexican and nothing citrusy or herby
Guest 2: pretty open
Guest 3: loves anything fried lol (she’s a teenager)
Chef (myself): generally stressed and therefore goes with the flow

Used McCormick lemon pepper seasoning, Cajun and chipotle were I believe Safeway seasonings. Used 1 cup of Kirkland EVOO. Not too salty at ALL. Super flavorful and had a Mediterranean taste to it. 

Served this with a salad and a Cajun form of dressing that was almost like a southwest/tzatiki flavor (Greek yogurt, garlic, drop of EVOO, Cajun).

Great chicken

This is THE best marinade for chicken. I was looking for something different to do with chicken but little did I know I would discover my go to chicken marinade. This is especially good on a Cesar salad. Thank you!!

