Being from New Orleans, I know that every family has their own special way of boiling crawfish and this recipe is close to my family recipe. We are all about the 'craw-dads' and sausage and could do w/o the other items in the pot, but we do add corn and potatoes. We've never added mushrooms, artichoke or other veggies. We do add celery stalks to the pot and a heaping bit of cayenne pepper. From time to time we also add turkey necks. No matter how you mix and match this up, keep with the base ingredients: lemon, onions, garlic, crab boil and you will be pleased with the result.

I hope they meant 40 pounds of live Crawfish.  If you are feeding people from Louisiana plan on 8 pds of Crawfish per person, elsewhere plan on 6 pds of Crawfish per person.  Not a bad recipe ingredients wise, but the cooking times are way off.  The recipe is best if you combine liquid and powdered Crab/Shrimp Boil as the seasoning for the water.  (To that size pot add one cup of liquid Crab/Shrimp boil not a tbsp).  The vegetables added are ok, there are numerous variations of what vegetables you can add as long as you stick with the main ingredients- onions, garlic, and lemon.  You should add your liquid and dry seasoning combination along with the onions, garlic and lemon and let bring to a boil for 10 min.  Add potatoes and corn (normal size corn on the cob cut in half or use frozen corn on the cob, remember to defrost before cooking) and cook for 10 min at a low boil not a simmer. Add your other vegetables and cook for 5 min then return the water to a full boil and add the Crawfish and cook per the following directions:  Once you add the Crawfish to the boiling water, return the water to a boil, cook for 7 to 8 min.  Immediately complete this next step, it is the difference between good Crawfish and GREAT Crawfish!!  Once you turn the fire off after the 7 to 8 min boil time, place a 2 to 3 inch layer of ice in the pot.  Yes, I said ice! (the pot size will determine how much ice you will need).  Cover the pot and let the Crawfish soak for 15 min.  If you have a strainer i

I live in South Dakota and found a guy on Facebook that makes runs up from Louisiana with live craw fish and other goodies. We followed your recipe, in several smaller batches, and LOVED it. We're hooked. Have to say the veggies were as good as the craw fish. We are going to invest in a pot like you used, instead of our much smaller turkey fryer that we used. Curious to the size of your pot in this video. 80qt? Want to make sure we get the correct size pot for 30lb sacks of craw fish plus all the extras. We will probably go heavy on veggies next time.

Problem is quantity of bugs. The recipe calls for 50 bugs which would be 7.8 pounds if the bugs are 2.5 ounces which is the largest I have ever seen. Everything else looks legit but I have a confidence issue on this one point. 50 pounds would be reasonable for a boil attended by 10 or so people.

Home run!  Fed 15, and some. I made a side dish of jasmine rice and added (one of each, diced) red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper, orange bell pepper, onion into the grease left over from the sausage, plus a little homemade “ramp” butter. I browned the sausage cuttings also.

The seasoning was good, but the times  were way off.

For the most part, this recipe is great! But there are definitely some weird ingredients that don't belong. We left out the oranges, artichokes, mushrooms, etc. Corn and potatoes are the only veggies that go in a crawfish boil. Also added frozen, raw shrimp and frozen snow crab legs after turning off the heat.

Delicious!

Add more onions and double the green beans.  Awesome!

I mostly followed the recipe. The times with my propane burner and pot were spot on. I used shrimp instead of crawfish, so I guess I cheated there a bit... onion, potato, and corn turned out great. I didn’t spice mine up too much because I have picky grandkids, and I can add heat later. Good recipe as a foundation or I imagine if you use as-is.  Dumped it all into a styrofoam cooler for serving. Didn’t have the fancy paper to put on the table. :)

Delicious

