Wonderful recipe! I made the following changes, many of which were recommended by others.         
A) Reduce: Cream by 1/5, Salt by 1/4, and 
Chilis by 1/3- 1/2.     B)Increase the seafood, because people will inevitably want more of it.    C) Use Bay scallops instead of other scallops, if available.    D)  Saute fresh green peppers and mushrooms in butter with the green onions before adding them to the cream.    E) Reserve a small portion of the cream mixture and toss the pasta with it just before serving.    F) Don't prepare the pasta until the cream mixture is ready, as the pasta will only take a few minutes to cook and the sauce took longer to prepare than the recipe indicated-- its taste REALLY improves if it is allowed to simmer.

Whoa!  What did I miss??  I have never posted a review before as all of the recipes I've tried have been fantastic.  This one just wasn't.  I can see how it might be good if you omitted most of the pepper (especially the white pepper).  But it is unfortunate that you have to try the recipe first to discover this; what a waste of good shrimp & scallops. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE spicy food, but this was just obscenely peppery, and I even cut back on the pepper flakes!  Although I see the potential for a good recipe, I am just so disappointed that I probably won't bother trying it again.

Really tasty!

This in inedibly spicy. Entirely too much pepper. Cut all spices by 80% and double the seafood amount.

You will never find neither thyme nor basil in a Cajun recipe.  Not saying the flavors are not beneficial, just don't call it Cajun.  Also, don't understand "al dente" or as we refer to it, " undercooked".   The only people I have ever heard being pro "al dente" are celebrity chefs.   My family AND friends prefer pasta that is thoroughly cooked, easy to chew and digest.  Al dente is nothing more than arrogance in the kitchen...just my opinion...

I have made this many times. Excellent recipe. It's important that you use fresh herbs! As far as heat.... cut pepper amounts of you want, but you can't please everyone.

Amazing dish! I added my own flare with using a pinch of this & that...but, the basic recipe was not altered. It is a must make!

I have tried this recipe twice and for me, I had to do the following changes.  1) Reduced black pepper to 1 tsp, 2) Reduced red pepper flakes to 1/2 tsp, 3) Removed white pepper, 4) Reduced green onions and parsley by half.    When I tried the recipe as written, it was too hot, and combined with the amount of pepper, it was close to inedible.   I cut back on the green onions and parsley because 1 cup each is a ton and you just don't see that much in the photo.  I think you can even go less.  But, after the changes, the whole family ate it and enjoyed it.  Thanks!  Will do again.

We loved this dish! Even though I had only shrimp it was really delicious. We are on a salt-free diet and this recipe lent itself well to that style of eating. I will definitely be making it again and again.

I added broccoli, and a little Emeril Essence!

5/30/21 - great recipe!  I halved the pepper and it still has quite the kick!  very good flavor!

