This made great cajun spice. I used this to make cajun-mayo for cajun spiced burgers and made some cajun shrimp. I only used half the salt. I used the crushed red pepper flakes and we didn't consider this too hot at all. This made enough for both dishes and there is plenty left for a couple more dishes. Thanks for sharing Diamondlil, this is better than the store bought blends and I can control the salt!

Just the average spice mix....nothing grand about it.  Thanks for sharing the recipe though.

I have been using this as my "go-too" spice mix for just about everything. My only complaint is that the recipe doesn't have a built-in computer in order to make bigger batches more easily. I make it a couple of cups at a time. It keeps indefinitely as long it is in a tight sealing glass jar with a dark storage location.

I would reduce the salt a bit as one of us is salt restricted.

This recipe is fabulous!!! We made a air fryer cajun shrimp recipe and was absolutely delicious!! I will be using this on salmon, chicken, adding to ranch dip-so many possibilities!!

This is a great mix to keep on hand. I used it tonight for my mahi mahi fish and the taste was phenomenal. The only thing I added was a tsp of smoked paprika to give it a bigger kick. Hubby loved it! Made extra to store for the next time. I’m gonna try it on chicken breast and I’m sure it’ll be just as delicious?

Amazing, I used parsley instead of oregano and used an Italian seasoning to add a lime flavor and as salt aswell, I used chillie powder as cayenne pepper. It was fantastic, I'll definitely make this again

We love it on tuna steaks. I omit the red pepper flakes and can still have that wonderful Cajun flavor.

Easy to make, I had everything already in the cabinet and it is very good.  I made it exactly as listed, next time I will add a little more heat to it.

Love this recipe. Thanks for posting.

Great blend. I used half the salt and tried it on a grilled salmon fillet, and it was very good, far better than the store variety.  I did add the red pepper flakes and found the heat level just spicy enough with lots of flavor.

