Quite delicious!!! I cooked the rice separately and used 1 can crushed tomatoes, 1 can tomato sauce, and used large fresh shrimp. Some extra seasonings, garlic powder and a little sugar to cut bitterness of tomatoes (maybe 1/2 tsp). Finally I added in about a cup of frozen okra 5 min before it was done. Served over buttered white rice w/ crusty french bread. My hunny could eat this for breakfast, lunch, and dinner!

I didnt read the comments that others made. I followed the directions and cooked the rice together instead of making it seperately, and my Jambalaya came out like mush. The flavor was good, but the texture was horrible. I will try this recipe again but I will make the rice seperately.

Great recipe!  I'm requested to make more!

This is a delicious and easy recipe. Everyone in the family loved it!  The only change I made was to cook the rice separately, and let each person determine the rice-to-jambalaya ratio for themself.

I upped the Cajun seasoning from 2 to 3 teaspoons and added in 1 can of Rotel hot chilies to spice it up a bit!

I could eat it until I exploded.

Don’t be afraid of this dish.  It’s just jambalaya, after all .... what we cajuns make to keep from wasting leftovers.  Use as much, or as less, of anything that suits your taste.  But, this is definitely a great place to start, and an excellent recipe, in its own right!If you like it soupy, great, just add more liquid of some sort.  If you like it thicker, fantastic, might need more rice.  There’s no real exact cooking time here, just make sure your rice is done.  And, to those that think each rice grain has to stand on its own, I say you’re not from south Louisiana, and you don’t know jambalaya from jelly.Tomatoes, or no tomatoes.  Okra, or no.  Different meats, spices, vegetables, okay, just throw it in the pot.  No two Cajuns make jambalaya the same.  So relax!  Whatever floats your boat will be mighty fine here, I guarantee!And before I forget, the suggestion earlier, to kind of solve the rice issue, to add the rice at the end of the first step, when the vegetables are almost done, is an excellent one.  Just stir the raw rice in so it gets coated with the bacon grease. Then you can add everything else, except shrimp and cooked bacon.  It will definitely help the rice grains to stay more separate, (but not completely / remember this is jambalaya) while still having all the fantastic flavors.

Great recipe! Wanna try this one. Thanks for sharing.Would like to share this too,Panlasang Makabayan food restaurant with a twist!Get your Pinoy food favorites and freshly baked bread only here at Ka Tunying's Cafe and Restaurant!"https://katunyings.com/

The rice needed 5 minutes more to fully cook.

I used 3/4 cup rice and added liquid as needed.  Came out great!

Made this and got rave reviews (even from our picky teenager).  It was even better the following two days as leftovers.

