This is the best recipe for red beans & rice on this site. It does need tweaking for your individual tastes, though. To make these red beans taste like the ones I grew up on in Louisiana, I did the following: Omitted the jalapeño. Cut the bell pepper by half. Used a generous amount of Tony Chachere's cajun seasoning. Subbed chicken broth for water & cut it down to 7 cups. Used the back of my spoon to smash up enough beans to make the whole pot creamy. Must! Use! Andouille! even if you have to order it online this is the ONLY way to get the authentic and unique flavor of the sausage right.  Regular sausage just isn't seasoned the same way or contains the same amount of spiciness. My central Texas grocery store has started carrying it, as does Whole Foods and other "specialty stores". I only had ham scraps instead of a ham hock but the andouille adds smoky flavor so I didn't miss the hock. Normally I'd use both the andouille & the ham hock.  For those omitting celery, you really need the "holy trinity" of onion, celery & bell pepper to call it authentic. Mince it finely and sautee it first if you have to.  Me, I just do a fine dice on the veggies and let them cook down in the pot.

This isn't a Louisiana recipe, must be from Texas--jalapenos?? never!  My mother cookd red beans & rice every Monday, always two bay leaves (left in the pot) whoever got a leaf was lucky.  Usually there would be sausage in it, but if had been a good week we would have fried pork chops. There was no such thing as Creole seasoning back then, if you wanted it hot you add Louisiana Hot Sauce (not Tabasco) to your bowl not the pot.  Red beans were usually cooked on Mondays so mothers could do the laundry without worrying about what was cooking on the stove.

Had this as a side dish for the smoked pulled pork on Labor day.  I used some fresh garden ingredients (because I had them on hand).  I used 2 jalapeño peppers and a tomato instead of the green pepper.  I had lots of complements and requests for the recipe.

Most people will just laugh and call me an idiot but I wish the recipe specified that the cooked rice is to be served with the beans and not to be added to the crockpot to cook with everything else. I thought, that sure seems like the rice will get soggy, but followed the recipe anyway. We ended up with porridge and beans. It tastes fine but obviously the texture sucks. A sad waste of a lot of good food.

Way back when my grandmother would make these, cayenne pepper wasn't as easy to come by in northern Louisiana as it was in southern Louisiana.  That's where the jalapeno comes in to play if anyone is wondering.  Great recipe for a Louisiana Monday staple.

Perfectly spiced. Served with Dirty Rice. Delicious.

Don't use 10 cups of water. Insanity. 7 cups is plenty.  Fresh basil because bay leaves because it is more authentic.  (I had to skim about 4 cups of water off my beans... 2 cups went into the pot to make the rice).  Mashed up some beans to help the consistency and voila! Perfect beans.  Varied the spices to my taste.  Have made this 2x and I love it.  Freezes well.

It was good I'm from Louisiana and this is a staple in my family. One ingredient we use is bacon grease it brings out more flavor in your beans. My grandmother taught me that she always had a jar of grease by the stove. love this

I pretty much followed the recipe and took it out to serve in public. This dish got multiple complime.mts! I was happy to make it and warm many bellies.

Beans did not cook in 8 hours, so I had to finish on the stove. I also in subsequent times used less water and used onion, pepper, and celery (instead of jalapeno). Also cooked it on the stove because it's much faster. Very tasty, though.

It turned out really good. I didn't have cloves of garlic, so I used minced garlic, also used pepperonchini peppers instead of jalapenos, but was fantastic.

