Greetings all! :-) Thank you for trying my recipe, and for your reviews. Some have commented on the rice being under cooked, or mushy, and I'd like to address that issue. When I say stir half way through, please be sure to stir completely, from the bottom up and all around the sides. Oven temperatures very dramatically and not everyone has the same type of cookware. For my old oven, and the very large enameled roaster pan I use, the rice did cook correctly. I recently purchased a new gas stove and nothing cooks the same (wish I had my old stove back...LOL). It now takes 1 3/4 to 2 hours in my new oven. With this in mind, I suggest checking the rice more often during the baking time, or adjusting the cooking time and/or temperature to suit your oven and cookware. If you cut the recipe amounts by half, please remember to adjust the cooking time too. While cooking, the rice will absorb some of the spices; therefore the finished dish will not taste as spicy as it does before cooking. The amount of spices listed is for those with average tolerance for spice. Feel free to use more, or less, to suit your taste. Traditionally Jambalaya has more of a porridge consistency; therefore the rice will absorb most of the juices. If you prefer fluffy rice, surely you can cook the rice separately. If you like a soupy consistency, you can use less rice. This recipe can also be prepared in a large stockpot, on the stove top, if you prefer. I find it scorches easier though, so watch it closely.

This recipe has  a great taste, but is incredibly hard to cook. If you make this recipe exactly as indicated, it takes at least 2 times the amount of the time indicated by the recipe.  The recipe also takes at least 1.5 hours to even prepare.  Don't think that I'll make this recipe again just because it's wayyyyyyyy too time consuming and its very hard to make it turn out right especially if you would be an experienced cook.

I made this in my large enameled turkey roaster that holds 10 quarts. It fed 7 adults, 4 small kids, & there were leftovers to fill a 4 quart container. It was a big hit & worth the work.I oven roasted a pack of chicken legs & the sausage in the roaster for an hour at 350 F while doing the stovetop work with the veggies, etc..  Roasting the chicken & sausage browned them nicely, then all I had to do was to add the remaining ingredients into the roasting pan.Next time to break down the work load, I'll make the veggies/spices/sauce the day before & keep in the fridge.  The next day, I'll roast the meats in the oven for an hour, then dump the veggie mixture, stock, tomato juices, & rice into the roaster. While that's simmering in the oven,  I'll peel & cook the shrimp (the most time consuming part of the recipe) to add near the end.I used an old Chef Paul Prudhomme tip: use converted rice. It cooked in 60 minutes & was fluffier & tastier than I thought it would be.Thanks to Joslyn for making my dinner gathering a success!

I lived in New Orleans for 3-1/2 years and this tasted very authentic to me. The prep took me 55 minutes including making the creole seasoning blend so if you have that done, it would be less. I cut the recipe in half and because I didn’t have chicken but had a lot of ham I used 3 cups ham, one and a half cups andouille sausage And 24 thawed and shelled  raw shrimp. In a 350 F. Degree oven I cooked in a Le Creuset French oven (like a Dutch oven) for 45 minutes without the shrimp and then 45 minutes with the shrimp and then I let it sit. It was fabulous.

Made this for the first time today and didn’t need this large of a batch, so I cut the recipe in half and it was PERFECT! I will be making it again soon as I was looking for a good jambalaya recipe for a church Mardi Gras event…and this recipe fits the bill. The rice was cooked fine and the spices were spot on. Nice flavor and great to have the recipe include sausage, chicken, ham and shrimp. Simple, easy and delicious.  This recipe is definitely a keeper!

Had this at a recent beach retreat and it was sooo yummy. Having been born in New Orleans, I expect a lot of flavor in my jambalaya. This one was made without the shrimp but was still a very flavorful red jambalaya.

I should have halved the recipe or invited the whole neighborhood over for dinner! I thought it was fabulous. Yes, oven times vary, and I added about 15 additional minutes to the baking time to get the rice fully cooked. Next time I’ll remove it from the oven halfway through and stir very thoroughly, and rotate the pan in the oven a couple of times to insure even cooking. The flavors were outstanding, just the right amount of spice. The shrimp tasted a bit mushy to me, so next time I won’t add it until the halfway point when I’m stirring it. What a great dish for a party or a potluck. Thanks so much for this great recipe!

This was excellent! I was looking for recipes to use some leftover Christmas ham and stumbled on this. So glad I did!  I had all the ingredients (except green pepper) I cut it in half because I live alone, and it still made a TON!  I used my dutch oven from start to finish and it was done about 15 minutes early. I read the recipe wrong and added the full amount of Creole seasoning so it's got quite the kick but I love spicy so it's fine!  I'll definitely add the green pepper next time but this was very VERY good!  (and I won't have to cook again for a couple of days)!  Bonus!  Thanks for sharing!

Second time making this recipe and I think I finally did a great job.  First time I did something wrong like I didn't wait long enough in cooking time.   This time spot on!  I did Kielbasa instead of Chlorizo.  Marvelous!

Great flavor! I dislike reviews that go on about changing this or adding that, well, I’m going there, just slightly. I added a puck of “More Than Gourmet” Classic Seafood Stock for depth. Next time, I’ll need to adjust moisture-to-rice ratio, as it was a little to moist for my wife’s liking, but only a minor tweak. All-in-all, a yummy Cajun dish. Oysters?

Prepared exactly as per recipe, turned out excellent every time. Delicious. I’ve made it several times.

