I loved the way these flavors sounded but I was looking for a cold side, so I mixed all the spices with a mayo/sour cream combo added a bit of sugar and vinegar and the result totally wow'd my BF and myself.  Super yummy cajun flavors! Great with BBQ chicken

Spicy Cajun Cabbage Haiku: "Barely kept this down. We like it hot in this house. But this was 'gritty.'" I made the entire seasoning blend, but only used half of it in the dish, and even used more than the suggested 5-ish c. of chopped cabbage, but this was nearly edible due to the "grittiness" of all of those dried spices. Thank goodness for the plain buttered egg noodles that I made to serve this over b/c they helped cut some of the spice and grit. Every bite, while super-spicy, was like eating on the beach w/ sand blowing in your mouth. I'm just glad that it was a cheap meal to make so I didn't mind tossing the leftovers.

SUPER EASY AND HEALTY...BUT THEN I PAIRED WITH HOT ITALIAN SAUSAGE ON SIDE,,,YUM

We eat a lot of cabbage so I'm always looking for new ways to cook it up.  I thought the spice mix was amazingly flavorful.  Some people acted like it was going to burn off my face or taste like sand grits.  Mine was neither of those.  I also wonder if others didn't use enough cabbage because that will affect the end result.  I sprinkle the mix over the cabbage and cover the pan with a lid for a few which allows the spices to soften and blend well.  We ate ours with (vegan) Mac & Cheeze.

At the end, with modifications, I enjoyed it greatly.I made the seasoning as directors.  However, I added it in in small increments until it reached an intensity of spicy that I liked.  I also added about a teaspoon of sugar and rice vinegar to taste.  Thereafter, I really enjoyed it

This was excellent! I did modify the spices a bit but everyone loved it!

2.25.21 ... Spicy Cajun Cabbage ... As nearly all reviews said too spicy, I halved it. Subtle, yet effective - like me. Thyme-sensitive me halved that amount again. I'm going to try this seasoning on other foods.

I made this recipe for 4 people.  Easy to follow and tasted absolutely amazing!  A great side to the black eyed peas we were having!
As I am a calorie counter, my dish worked out at 113cals per serving.  For the more main ingredients I used 240g Yellow Onion and 465g of Savoy Cabbage.  Hope this helps!

My wifes new favorite dish.    This was delicous.  Might cook it with bacon next time

Fantastic!  I threw in some thin sliced sauted chicken and made it a meal.  Next time I'd reduce the amount of cumin slightly.

Very good. It will be a regular side on our table.

