very good.  i used the fat-free half and half with a little cornstarch to thicken.  it turned out great without the extra fat.

I hate to be the one to give this recipe a bad review when there are so many great ones, but my family and I thought it was awful!  It was first of all very unappetizing to look at.  I used half and half like some of the reviews suggested and it was like we had pasta soup.  The peppers are barely cooked.  My son choked down a little and when my husband came in a little later he would'nt even touch it.  I did double the spices, but it just wasn't any good.  Please note that I've been cooking for years and years so I know how to follow a recipe.  I was just so surprized how yucky this was when there were so many great reviews.

This recipe is one my favorites, I make it often. The combination of spices add great flavor. Everybody enjoys it. I've also made it with shrimp and it's equally amazing. Great recipe...

This was DELICIOUS! Followed the  ingredients (but I like to sometimes add more of things like the Cajun seasoning and bell peppers)I took the advice of a few people who suggested to add corn starch to make it creamier and it did! So delicious!Definitely gonna double the recipe for leftovers!

I thought this was delicious!  I did take a short cut and bought pre-marinated (cajun flavored) chicken breasts.  :)

This pasta was delicious. My family loves it.

So I kind of wing this dish at our house. Like tonight, instead of chicken I made blackened fresh red snapper to lay on top of the pasta mixture & it is AMAZING!!!! I only had fresh onion,  tomatoes, & spinach so I just go with what I have. I tripled the heavy whipping cream & I added about 2 & 1/2 cups of chicken broth. This gives a lot of extra creamy yumminess to stretch the recipe that the kids will go back for thirds for! Everyone not only loves it, but says it is “a restaurant worthy dish,” which is a major compliment considering we live in a small coastal town! I’ve  learned over the years that sometimes adding & utilizing what you have & just loosely following along can give you the best results ever! Just remember to write down what you changed down so you can remember later!

Made adjustments based on the ingredients I had at hand.  Cajun spice would have been great but I made it with roasted cumin instead.  Even my very picky son approved.

Perfect

This recipe is a almost exact match to the Cheesecake Factory's Louisiana chicken pasta!

Everyone loved it. I doubled it and it made a full pot. I sautéed the veggies and then I added 1/2 of a rotisserie chicken into the pot before I added the pasta. I just mixed the sauce in with the noodles and didn't serve it on top.

