I added 3 Tablespoons of Creole seasoning in place of the cayenne.  I only had chicken leg quarters so I browned them in the butter/oil mixture after I clarified the butter (so it would be less likely to burn.)  then I removed them to finish cooking in the oven.  When I sautéed my veggies I added the remains of the clarified butter.  I also added a splash of chicken broth that I had in my refrigerator.   After the chicken was cooked I cut it up and let it sit for a bit in the sauce.    The taste was fabulous!   This is a new staple for me!

My family and I had the most wonderful cajun food in Colorado, of all places. Once we returned home, I decided I needed to try to make etouffee. The crawfish around here aren't very abundant, so I looked for chicken and found this one. It's flavorful, if a little heavy. I loved it, but my family found it only so so.

Love this recipe. I make it a little thicker
 Thicker than gravy. My family loves it. One of my favorites.

I made this dish twice, the only thing I changed was the cayenne pepper, I used red pepper flakes because that's all I had. This recipe is great. Could not get my picture to take.

I added 3 Tablespoons of Creole seasoning in place of the cayenne.  I only had chicken leg quarters so I browned them in the butter/oil mixture after I clarified the butter (so it would be less likely to burn.)  then I removed them to finish cooking in the oven.  When I sautéed my veggies I added the remains of the clarified butter.  I also added a splash of chicken broth that I had in my refrigerator.   After the chicken was cooked I cut it up and let it sit for a bit in the sauce.    The taste was fabulous!   This is a new staple for me!

yummmmmmm, enough said

I left the celery out and added sausage. AWESOME! Reminds me of how my uncle ray used to make etoufee. Delicious!

As my husband said- home run! He loved this. I didn't add the celery (cause I didn't have any) and I added German sausage crumbles (cause it needed to get used) and left everything else as is. The heat was just right- manageable but hot.  It was very good. My husband said his belly is really happy. Lol

I like the recipe just changed a bit. after taking the chicken out i added the additional flour and allowed it to become a paste and brown then added the vegetables like the recipe says but instead of water I used chicken broth and added a can of stewed tomatoes. I added a bit of water to thin out. I let everything simmer until meat pulled apart. And served it over brown rice.

My family and I had the most wonderful cajun food in Colorado, of all places. Once we returned home, I decided I needed to try to make etouffee. The crawfish around here aren't very abundant, so I looked for chicken and found this one. It's flavorful, if a little heavy. I loved it, but my family found it only so so.

