Not sure if I can review my own recipe....it is OK to cut the cooking time to 3.5 or 4 hours as someone else suggested.  Also, if you can find authentic tasso (can be ordered on the internet if you search for it), it makes a great substitution for the ham hock.  If you use tasso, you need to cut back or eliminate the creole seasoning since tasso provides a lot of heat along with flavor.  Andouille is a good substitute for smoked sausage as someone suggested, but again you may need to cut back on the creole seasoning depending on how much spice is in the sausage.  Celery is really optional, I often don't use it.

Finally, someone commented on it being too soupy.  Cutting the water back by a cup is OK, but if you cook it the full 5 hours it gets a little thicker.  In addition, I recommend using high quality medium grain sticky rice (the Japanese rice often used for sushi).  New Orleanians typically use long grain rice, but the sticky rice is delicious and gives it a much thicker, non soupy, texture.  Sticky rice gives it a delectable porridge-like consistency.

IMHO, Good. The sausage needs to be added later in the process, because its a bit mushy after simmering for 5 hours. Also if you're going to bother adding a ham-hock for flavor and meat then I recommend 2 because there's not much meat on them. The recipe is a little soupy for my taste, recommend 7 cups of water. Had scratch cornbread as a side..perfect combo.

I followed the recipe to a T and it was the most bland tasting recipe ever. I was very disappointed in this recipe.

Good recipe BUT I grew up in NOLA (I'm 83) and I make my RBR the way my grandmother did. She never used any sausage just a piece of ham from the previous Sunday's meal (bone-in, of course). And she cooked hers for about 4-5 hours, simmering on the back burner. And real rice (non of this instant stuff). Her beans were creamy and delicious. Your and mine are good but not like hers, I think it was the well water she used - I'm stuck with the city stuff. Thanks for sharing your version.

I loved this recipe only thing I change was that I add chicken both to water also I smash some beans against the pot to make sauce little thicker and add sausage last and chicken and shrimp it was delicious!!

awesome

I’ve made this dish a few times, and have a fresh batch simmering away right now. It’s a special recipe because my Dad used to make this. I’m happy to have found a recipe similar to what he must have followed. It always comes out great, even if I add a little more here, a lot more there. I do keep it all contained to one pot though, and I replace the shortening with olive oil and butter. Today I’m using two smoked turkey sausages instead of pork. We shall see! Oh, and I added the celery greens because I love them.

Wonderful recipe!  For a simply posh party version soak your red beans in red wine overnight. Follow the same recipe!  You won’t believe the taste which comes from fancy New Orleans hotel cooks.    We grew up in NOLA eating pigtails in our red beans.  Ham, tasso, hot sausage, alligator meat and turkey parts  were also great substitutes!  Happy eating folks!

Loved it!!! Loved it so much. Made this for an event and had great reviews.  As others said, I soaked the beans overnight. I used way more spices and added smoked paprika. I used the Better Than  Bouillon (Ham) as well.  Also, as someone else said the Crystal hot sauce is perfect!

Followed recipe and it was very good! Thanks for sharing!!

This is one amazing recipe. I used Andouille sausage and  added hot peppers instead of hot sauce and used chicken broth. It has a kick and wonderful flavor!

