The Turducken was tremendous, and less work than we anticipated. The butcher boned the birds, which, unless you're Jacque Pepin, is the only way to go. It's your typical thanksgiving turkey, only thrice as nice!  Actually, nicer still b/c with the birds all boned, the potentially destructive art of carving is removed:  you slice straight through the layers of poultry and stuffing. It's like rouladen or a yule log. The ONLY downside: the price. We got ours at WholeFoods, and the pricetag really put the po' in poultry three ways. Leftovers for days, though. I would NOT drink red burgundy or Oregon Pinot Noir with this again. It was better with a bolder wine: Exceptional with a Spanish Ribera del Duero.

This dish was too fussy to make, and ended up coming out rather dry. How do you fit everything in there anyways? In the end I had to make each bird seperately, and ended up using different types of stuffing for each. Very good seperately, not so much together.

Been making this for 7 years now.
#23 Turkey #5 chicken #5 chicken......yes ditch the duck put two chickens instead, just do it!
I debone everything night before and marinate turkey and chicken in their own bags.
Oyster stuffing in between each layer is a necessity. No other stuffing tastes better.  Place in roasting pan then cover Turkey with parchment paper and then foil on top retains moisture even better. 4hrs at 350, covered then an hour uncovered. Baste frequently. Use a roasting pan!

Good luck!

Great recipe! Personally, I like to debone the turkey leg (as shown by Jacques Pépin) and stuff that hollow as well. In fact, you could likely stuff the legs of all three birds. I used a chestnut, mushroom and bacon stuffing, 
exclusively but I'd like to use an uncooked sausage stuffing for the outer stuffing.

Turducken was on my "bucket list" and this year I decided to just "do it!".  Used a 3lb Chicken, 4lb Duck and a 13lb Turkey. De-boning the "birds" was relatively easy but time consuming.  For me anyway the time was well worth the effort! The flavor and moistness of the three fowls was amazing!  I actually put the birds each in their own brine a day before the entire Turducken endeavor and think it may have contributed to the flavor and to the de-boning  process. Overall... 6 drumsticks up..... errr.... 2 thumbs up!!!

This dish was fantastic the turkey wasn't dry at all and the duck was very moist. I now make this every year for thanksgiving.

Made this recipe and it was a huge hit.  Served 12 people and still had half of the turducken left.
I modified the recipe a little bit based on Pookiethebear's suggenstions.  I did not skin the duck which is one thing I would change the next time around.
Stuffing between the Turkey and the duck was a Cornbread and Andouille Stuffing. Then I used the potato stuffing suggested by Pookiethebear followed by the wild rice stuffing.
Cornbread and Andouille stuffing was taken from holacuisine.  I used a jiffy cornbread with cream style corn recipe.  The stuffing was all cooked and hot just before the birds were stuffed. Done to prevent bacteria spread.  
Bird was placed breast down in a roasting pan with a rack and was ready in a little over 5 hours.

I skipped the sausage and oyster part of this recipe, but followed it otherwise. Sort of a tight fit to get the chicken and duck in the turkey. I had to use lots of kitchen twine and sew it up as I packed the meat in. Turned out really well though. I cooked mine in an oil-less fryer for about 3.5-4 hours. Deboning was a pain (easy, but took a while), but it went well. I paired this with the "Easy Turkey Gravy" recipe from allrecipes, and it was perfect. I used McCormick cajun seasoning and sprinkled it between all the layers. I then rubbed the outside of the turkey in olive oil and cajun seasoning before frying it.

It was a lot of work, but wow was it good!  We had 12 people to dinner for Christmas and was a hit!  I was surprised that the duck made such a great impact on the rest of the meats.  Will make it again, when I have a lot of time to pull it off.  Next time I may not go through all the trouble to make it look like a Turkey.  I may just roll it all into a loaf shape.

great flavor. college favorite.

I made a practice round of this a couple weeks ago and its amazing! My sister in law always makes it and we are having it for Thanksgiving!!!

