YUM.  I love this, I skipped the sausage, so I sauted the onion & garlic (two cloves) in a tsp. of olive oil.  I also used brown rice, cajun-seasoned diced tomatoes and added about 2 Tbsp. of fresh chopped parsley.  Very light & healthy, thanks Paula!

This recipe has quite a good flavor, but I, like Michelle live in Louisiana - and this isn't creole red beans and rice.  Like she said, leave out the tomatoes for the traditional version...   I added plenty more garlic, a good dose of Tony's (a Louisiana must!), and jalepano-style Tabasco sauce.  We like more rice here, as well.  Still, this is a good recipe - and a great option when short on time.  I'll make it again with the extras :).

My husband and I LOVE this!!!!

I’m never making red beans and rice from a box again!! I followed some of the ideas from other reviewers and this turned out great!!My tweaks: no tomatoes, added New Orleans seasoning, cumin, and smoked paprika! YUMMY!!

Very tasty, easy, I put cauliflower in since I only had a little green pepper. So good!!

I found this recipe here years ago, and liked it. Since then, it has consistently been a beloved part of my family's regular meal rotation- and this is just about the highest honor I can give. I decided it deserves a rating. My only consistent change is that I *always* add cumin. Other than that, I might add other spices or not (try chili powder or smoked paprika), and I use whatever color of bell pepper I have on hand (and might use more than called for if I feel like it). Essentially however, this recipe is fantastic as written. This is a high bar in my family- cheap, nutritious, easy enough for almost any night, and it satisfies our differing preferences (even for my vegetarian- I just cook the sausage separately and the rest of us add it to our bowls). Major props.

This is always a staple recipe that I follow to make at our house. I always add some bay leaves, Cajun seasoning, and some broth. Always does the trick. Another tip I like to do sometimes is pull some of the beans out and mash with a fork and add back to the pot for a creamier red beans and rice.

The family loved it, not your typical red beans and rice but had such great flavor .

This recipe is delicious.  I added a little red pepper for some zing, but other than that, it was as is.

It was easy to make and tasted amazing!!

Very simple to make. We love sausage so we added a little more than required. Also added an extra clove of garlic as we love garlic as well. It could probably use a little more redheads but other than that this has been an amazing dish and smells so amazing while cooking. We can't wait to try it shortly.

