This was my first attempt at making meatloaf and although the directions were a little vague for a novice like me (how finely does the onion and bell pepper need to be chopped?? I didn't know!)it was REALLY good! I didn't have bay leaves and it didn't suffer because of it. I used a little less breadcrumbs, and more ground beef and garlic. I didn't find it too spicy as other reviewers had commented. It was a little greasy, but I just poured the oil off when it was cooked. Leaving it to stand for 15 minutes was definitely good advice. I will be making this again!

In all fairness the spice composition of this recipie is awesome but we did not like the sausage flavor in this so next time I will will make it with extra ground beef and omit the sausage but the flavoring of the other spices was awesome!

Such a great recipe. The grocery store didn't have andouille sausage, so I went with chorizo. Great spicy flavor that goes great with mashed potatoes. Will definitely make this again

My husband actually is Cajun born and raised in Louisiana. He loves this meatloaf. I have made it several times. It has good flavor but it’s not too much for people that don’t like really spicy food, but it does have a kick.

This is the best meatloaf ever! You gotta like spicy is my only caveat. It takes a minute to put it together and it is worth it. This is not my mother's meatloaf! Much more interesting and we make it frequently.

This is a very tasty meatloaf! I made it according to the recipe. The only things I did differently is I mixed the ingredients together in a large bowl, and then put them  loaf pan for cooking.

This is a great recipe... straight out of Cajun chef Paul Prudhomme's wonderful cookbook, Louisiana Kitchen (page 112).
I have to say, Mr. Echols, I think that if you had ever created a recipe and later found that recipe submitted by someone else on a major website without giving you credit (as you have done here), you would have a real problem with that.  At a minimum, it lacks class.  But in my eyes, it’s theft.

I omitted the green peppers and green onions. I sauteed using olive oil instead of butter. I omitted the milk and only added the ketchup at that step. I used slightly less of each spice than recommended. I used ground turkey and Italian sausage. It was delicious!! (Served with smashed parmesan potatoes and broccoli)

I toned down down the spice mix, added a little extra glaze the kids loved it

Something about the taste wasn't quite right and I think it was the andoille  sausage as others have mentioned. I've never tasted that sausage before so it must be an acquired taste, not for me at all. Meatloaf was swimming in so much oil after baking that I had to use a baster to soak it out. It also comes out of the oven with a hard crust all over. I prefer meatloaf to be more moist, not soft, but firm enough to slice. The recipe is better with a tomato sauce topping put on during last 15 minutes of baking. Seasonings were not too spicy for me, in fact I just might a tiny bit more of the cayenne should I try this recipe again.

I made this but instead of using stove I use my foodi ninja. I didn't add any hot sauce because of my daughter. But overall it's a hit!

