I thought this receipe was very good.  My husband says he thought Jambalya should be a little bit more soupy.  I used turkey sausage instead and left out the cajun seasoning because my kids will not eat anything with alot of spice.  I cooked the rice seperate and then mixed it together.  This says it is a serving for 12 (but it made 17 cups for me) enough to have it again for another night.  

I am putting down information if anyone is interested and this is based on what I used.  1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast (all fat removed), 1 pound sweet turkey sausage, 14 oz canned diced tomatoes with onions, 14 oz canned diced tomatoes with green chilies, 3/4 c frozen tri colored bell pepper strips (diced), 2 c finely diced celery (4 stalks)-(the second cup was an accident-but turned out good), 1 c 99% fat free chicken broth, 1 1/3 c frozen chopped onion, 1 pound frozen shrimp, 3 c uncooked rice, 2 tsp dried oregano, 2 tsp dried parsley, 1 tsp cayenne pepper, 1/2 tsp dried thyme  Information based on a 1 c serving (17 servings)Calories 233.2 / Fat 3.9 / Fiber 1.7 / Sodium 582.6

Flavor wasn’t bad but it was very spicy. Personally I’d call this soup, not Jambalaya. Jambalaya has rice cooked together with the rest of the ingredients and it‘s not soupy. I’ll stick with a more authentic recipe like the “Oven Baked Jambalaya” on this site. And be sure to try the “Creole Seasoning Blend”, also on this site, IT ROCKS! It’s all the Cajun seasoning you’ll ever need.

I use this recipe as my go to and starter recipe. I make on the stove top. Sausage first, remove from pan then add raw diced chicken with spices on top (Cajun mix, thyme, and celery seed). My family is goofy about veggies in jambalaya so I don’t add them. Many times I use tomato paste instead of diced tomatoes (again, goofy fam). When chicken is getting browned, I add back sausage, then add enough chicken broth to cover everything. Bring to a boil, turn down to low, cover, about 1 to 2 hours. Sometimes I’ll add raw shrimp (the larger the shrimp the better)We serve over riceI make this a lot and always get positive feedbackThanks so much!

I have made many times but I bought chicken stock instead of broth. It’s cooking now. I hope it’s still as good.

This is so amazing that this is my first review on AllRecipes.  The first time I made this, I used other people’s recommendations from the reviews and it flopped.  My husband convinced me to try one more time going strictly by the original recipe and it was fantastic!  I paid close attention to my crock pot so as to not overcook it.  I try to always cook on low to get more tender results.  However, I will say I cooked mine on low and it took about 4 1/2 hours and it was all done.  The chicken was even a little drier than I like.  But I did cut the chicken into smaller pieces before cooking so I know that played a huge part.  Also, all crock pots, like ovens, are different so just keep an eye on it.  My husband used the juices from the jambalaya to make the rice and wow.  It was all just amazing.  Thank you so much for sharing!

Excellent time and time again

I've made his a few times, and after a few tweaks here and there were able to come up with my own recipe. This truly is a great recipe to learn to make jambalaya fast and easy

I substituted boneless chicken thighs for the chicken breasts because they are moister.

been making this for years. wouldn't change a thing!!!!

This is a family favorite

Used Chicken Thighs instead

