From the beginning I noticed that the recipe did not call for tomatoes. I followed the recipe and at the end it was more like a thick gravy. I then added a can of diced tomatoes. This made it taste more like gumbo and less like shrimp and sausage in a roux/gravy.

This is not what I had in mind for a good Gumbo, I ended up with a large pan of shrimp, sausage and veges in a pan of gravy. The flavors were good but, it was like eating gravy with meat and veges.

I used butter instead of oil.  I also used 1/2 Cajun and 1/2 Bay seasoning.  I added 1 medium tomato diced.

It was easy to make and turned out delicious!  Next time, I may add diced tomatoes just for extra flavor.  I used a homemade Cajun seasoning recipe I found online.  The good thing about this recipe is that you can use whatever spices you like.

Well, I may not have made it - but I used for ingredient measurements and cook times.  It was an adventure.  Couldn't get andouille so I used farmer's sausage.  Thought I'd be smart and use bacon grease instead of canola for the roux.  (Good, but salty).  Argentinian shrimp were awesome, but maybe could have been a bit smaller.  Based on reviews here, I added a can of stewed tomatoes.I have never even eaten Gumbo - nevermind made it.  Next time (yes, there will be a next time) - roux won't be from bacon grease - more vegetables in larger pieces - extra cajun seasoning.Since I don't know how it's supposed to taste, I'm going to have to find a restaurant that offers a good example - but Marilyn and I enjoyed it.

I made this but i add mushrooms, diced tomatoes and some potatoes. add paprika and cayenne pepper in it. made a different. you dont always have to follow the recipe.

So very easy and tasty.Tweeked a little bit with creole seasoning, Frank's hot sauce and a little chili powder. Served over rice.Everyone loved it.

GREAT TASTING AND EASY !

This was yummy! I've never made gumbo before but saw this recipe and decided to give it a try. Definitely lives up to its name as being easy to make! I added some diced tomatoes, okra, and used louisiana hot link sausages for a little bit more spice. Will be making this again :)

Way, way too much oil. UGh! It’s like drinking grease.  Please please modify this recipe to be healthier and tastier. Also, too much black pepper. Should include rice or something else or substance. It was just meat and shrimp swimming in oily soup base, basically. Sorry.

Absolutely delicious. A lot of prep and I used carrots instead of okra but over all great

