I live in south Louisiana and have been making gumbo for 40 years.  Thsi is absolutely the best gumbo recipe I have made and actually the only time that I have used a recipe for years.  My husband loved it and he is a true cajun.  Don't leave anything out.  Since I don't like to stand a long time with the roux, I have started using Savoie's Real Cajun Roux, it is a dry browned flour and comes in a pint jar.  You cannot tell the difference from the roux that you make yourself.  I wish I would have had it years ago.  Anyone that wants a real southern cajun gumbo, just has to make this one.

My husband LOVED it, as he loves anything spicy and Cajun. Personally, even though I'm not a finicky eater, didn't care much for it. Too many textures. But it's a good recipe and I"ll make it again if only for him! LOL!

Absolutely Amazing 🤩

Delicious as is.

Loved it. Even better when we swapped out water for shrimp broth!

I am in the process of making this recipe and I can't wait to taste it; however, I'm wondering when/if I add the sauteed and removed vegetables back into the soup/gumbo? I've read over the recipe many times but maybe I'm just missing it. i plan to add it back into the soup after the roux is made; however, I don't see where it says to do that. Thank you!

I’m no gumbo expert but this tastes like what I had in New Orleans, which was a lot different than any gumbo I’ve ever had living in California. I followed the recipe pretty faithfully except I added a tablespoon of better than bullion chicken flavor and about a teaspoon of old bay seasoning, and rather than cooking the green onions I put a big handful on top to serve. It was amazing! A bit of work but well worth it. This will be my gumbo recipe from now on.

I made it, but used regular canned diced tomatoes instead and added Louisiana Hot Sauce (apprx 1t.) to taste. My hubby loved it; I had to assure him that I had the recipe "saved". LOL

The pot of gumbo is still cooking and looks delicious. But I think Step 4 left out adding the vegetables that were sauteed in the butter. I did it anyway and hope to sample it in about 35 minutes.

I made this in the crockpot which was a mistake. I added everything in but the shrimp. Veggies turned to mush. Sausage & bacon lost its flavor. Added the shrimp for the last hr. All around flavor was good but would change a lot if I were to do this in the crockpot again.

time consuming, but very, very good. perfect to make on a lazy fall day.

