Many Cajun "stews" also use chopped celery and minced garlic, which I added to this. Because I like Cajun food a bit on the spicy side, I used RoTel tomatoes rather than regular ones, also, and I used fresh okra (which I cut up myself) as well (but frozen okra will do just fine, as long as its unbreaded).  A word of caution: Cajun/Creole pre-mixed spice, such as Tony Chachere's or Zatarain's, already has plenty of salt in it, as well as red pepper and other spices. If you use the spice, don't use additional salt. Instead, just use the Cajun/Creole spice to taste, and if you want a bit more zip, you can splash a dash or two of Tabasco onto your serving, which won't substantially add salt.  Serve it up with some hot garlic bread, and you've got a quick, simple meal in itself. Also, if you want a twist, rather than adding shrimp, boil a couple or three chicken breasts until they're cooked, cut them into chunks, and make chicken and andouille stew. You'll love it!

This was okay.  It was bland for my husband and I but we like complex flavors.  We like gumbo much better.  I'm not sure I'll be making this again.  If I do, I will use crushed tomatoes instead of diced.  I browned the sausage first and then cooked the onion/peppers in the sausage drippings.  Even then, it didn't do it for us.  I used Tony C's spice; very salty (there are better seasonings out there). Sorry to be a downer.  :(  It was easy to make though!  Served over rice.

My family and I love this recipe and use it often. Reminds me of the shrimp and okra my dad used to make when I was a kid.

I did make some changes, just to use what I had, but nothing too major (28 oz crushed tomatoes + 14.5 diced) so I can still speak to the original recipe.  Added celery and garlic because my grandmother always made it that way. I accidentally used creole seasoning (Tony Chachere’s) and 2T was too much (salty) but it was still very very good.  My husband wants me to make it again tonight 😂

Delicious! I was born and raised in Louisiana so I’m used to food like this with spice. I made the recipe as printed  and used Tony’s Chachere’s and got the spice I wanted and salt to get the saltiness I wanted also some garlic and onion powder. I season to taste. I cooked rice also for it. I bought medium shrimp already cooked and only had to take the tail off. I just stirred it into the hot dish. I did not cook the shrimp in it. Whoever said it was bland made it wrong. Also some like bland but we love spicy. I season to taste so I don’t always measure unless I’m baking. My husband said it’s the best I’ve ever made. Just tweak it.

I made this, substituting rotisserie chicken and bacon for the shrimp and sausage.  I added celery and a can of Rotel tomatoes. Served with rice, it was great!!

Absolutely delicious! My family and I enjoyed every morsel! Great recipe! A keeper!

This is THE BEST. Very flavorful my hubby loves this recipe.

I have made this recipe several times. I use 2 cans of Rotel and no salt. The Cajun seasoning has plenty of salt for me. Very tasty and very easy to make.

A little under sauced. I ended up using an additional can of diced tomatoes.

I slow cooked it, that's all.

