This was very good though I prefer to use fresh ingredients. I used fresh garlic (4 cloves), squeeze of lemon instead of lemon/pepper, 1/2 & 1/2 instead of heavy cream. Rotini pasta for ease of eating and I think it 'catches' the sauce better. I also chopped up the chicken and the peppers for our kids. Used olive oil not butter. Very pretty when finished with the red and green peppers. Next time I will make a little roue after sauteing to help the sauce thicken. I used quite a bit more seasoning. In the end it was delicious.

Basically good, but needs adjusting.  I had three chicken breasts so sauteed in 3T butter (& used 1 1/2T cajun seasoning), which may be part of the reason the sauce was so thin.  It didn't need that extra butter.  Probably one, or one & a half tablespoons would be fine for two.  I went for half & half instead of heavy whipping cream (the other recipe with the EXACT SAME NAME - how confusing is THAT?!? -uses half & half).  That's another reason the sauce was so thin.  Although, other reviews (that used heavy whipping cream - & all the butter ... Hmmmm ...  :D) still needed to thicken.  I'll try cooking the chicken; then vegs; then removing & adding flour; then the cream or half & half.  Don't get me wrong, it was good, but thin.  'Wasn't spicy enough for me.  It was "mild" on the scale of "mild, medium, hot, extra hot".  Something to remember, if you have leftovers, the sauce spices up overnight.  Still thin :), but spiced up.  :D  Fresh parmesan cheese is a must for great presentation.  That "powdered" stuff doesn't compare.

Love this recipe. We make it almost weekly.   I use penne pasta.  I also doubled the seasoning and added shrimp and smoked andouille sausage.  Yummmmmm

I had leftover Chicken,  so after sautéing veggies I added the chicken just to warm it up. Before hand, sliced it up and tossed it in a bag with homemade Cajun seasoning from Allrecipes recipe.  Did  not have heavy cream so used whole milk and also tossed chicken with corn starch to thicken the sauce. I think I was too heavy handed with the cayenne so threw in some sour cream to cool it off.  The recipe said to add green onion during sauté but I’m sure it meant the white onion and to top it at the finale with green onion and parm. Also just used lemon juice. I’m not too fond of lemon pepper.

Thank you for sharing ❤️

Delicious.  Great sauce.

I readjusted the original from the outset and instead of 2 breasts I cut them in strips and shook them up with LOTS of HY's Cajun seasoning so that all strips  were well coated. I usually make double recipe thus I stir fry veggies separately somewhat before adding to pot with chicken. Avoiding dairy, I use Oat cream instead. I also use olive oil instead of butter.

Only changes I did was use a red bell pepper instead of green because the store was out of stock, used 1/4 tsp for the ones that said 1/8 because I don't have a measuring spoon that small, and used 6 mushrooms instead of 4 because they were small.  We loved it, hubby wants me to add more mushrooms next time.  I would at some point like to try it with chicken thighs because those are cheaper here.

I’ve made this recipe several times for friends, family and everyone loves it. It’s always a hit.

This is one of the best dishes I've ever had. It's one that you think came from a restaurant. I omit the mushrooms simply because my boyfriend doesn't like them, so I've eaten this with and without. I must say, I prefer this without the mushrooms but that's just us. This recipe is in heavy rotation at our house!

I am making this again for about the 10th time. It is easy and the flavors are great plus it is adaptable to personal taste, but I stick to the recipe itself. Family loves it and guests are impressed by my culinary talent.

