I hate to sound like a broken record BUT this marinade is amazing.  I did get to inject my turkey but (do to bad planning) we only got to marinate it for 3 hours (15# bird). It was still awesome. The skin was simply delicious and the meat was tender and juicy with such great flavors. We used Peanut Oil, approx. 325 degrees for right at 45 minutes. I cannot wait to use this again!

This marinade wasn't bad, but it overpowered the turkey and outright clashed with the accompanying traditional holiday side dishes.  The leftovers made a good, spicy meat for sandwiches, but the overpowering flavor made the meat less than ideal for turkey soup or pot pie.  The mariande just permeated everything, and I LOVE spicy foods--I order the hottest wing possible and then add more hot sauce from the bottle.  Perhaps it was the black pepper that overrode all other flavors. I also think this marinade adds spice to the white meat, but doesn't do much for the dark meat, but I also think that's true of deep-frying turkey in general. As a stand alone turkey recipe, it was tasty, but it doesn't complement any holiday side dishes (stuffing, sweet potatoes, etc.) I will not use this marinade for holiday turkey again; I will stick with brining and roasting my bird.

I’ve used this recipe for the last 3 or 4 years now. It is the family favorite. Every year I’m asked if I’m going to fry a turkey using this marinade.I easy on the cayenne and Creole seasonings just because most in my family don’t like it too spicy. Otherwise this marinade is exceptional.

This has become a staple every year. Will not cook my turkey any other way. Everyone raves about it.

This recipe was a hit! We had no left overs as we normally do. Everyone loved it!  I highly recommend it!

This has been our go to rub for deep fried turkey for the past 5 years. You would think is would be too spicy but it give the turkey a wonderful flavor. With the leftover rub I marinate walleye or perch overnight and and deep fry that using a pancake/beer batter.With the leftover turkey the next day just boil the meat off  the bone to make a spicy turkey soup / stew with eggs noodles.

We have used this recipe without fail for the last 13 yrs.  To the point  if not done Turkey will sit days after Thanksgiving. When done no left over Turkey at all . Our family and friends love it!!

Delicious. We will be using this one for the 3rd year in a row.

Used this recipe for my very first fried turkey it came out absolutely marvelous. I actually fried two turkeys one for my house and one for my mother's house. I highly recommend this recipe!

We did use this recipe for our Thanksgiving lunch- dinner today 11/25/21. We followed the instructions of the recipe but we did not add the total amount for pepper as we ran off of it.  We did marinated  the 14 lb Turkey overnight in a plastic container..around 12 hours  approx.  
We cooked by carefully  starting to drop the Turkey in the deep fryer with peanut oil at 400 temp to seal it . When the temperature then dropped to 325 we continued frying the turkey at 325 temperature for 35 min until done.  The Turkey came out dark but  not black.  Very juicy, and Honestly NO spicy. Kids eat it and repeated. Side dish was salad. A Simple and wonderful meal. We were very satisfied with the recipe and planning to keep using for future fry turkey  meals. The recipe it is really good ..highly recommended.

Way too salty

