Jozzie, glad you liked it, but if you grilled it, you didn't get the real deal.  The butter would have melted off too much.  

This should actually be done in a cast iron skillet, and ingredients should be fresh, not dry/powdered.  That said, it is a pretty good recipe for what is a classic south Louisiana dish.  

I followed this to a T and it IS pretty good.  I'm from New Orleans originally (living L.A. now) and need to build up my home food repetoir!  Thanks for this Paul!

I made this dish for my husband who happens to be a chef with a side of crawfish etouffee and I substituted the paprika for smoked paprika and he loves it. It happens to now be one of his new favs.

Just like at the cracker barrel. I actually made it in a skillet…

Loved it, but next time I'll cook it at least 4 minutes per side, maybe 5.The spice mix is perfect. I skipped the thyme, not a fan.

People this is a good blackening spice mix! I avoided the butter and used olive oil.  I also added a cup of cornmeal to the mixture.  We loved it.

Excellent! Heat level and taste are perfect.I'm on a reduced sodium diet and I appreciate that I can adjust the salt.I used less salt and less butter than the recipe suggested.  Otherwise, followed instructions (but halved it, for two fillets). Turned out great!Cooked outside in cast iron pan on grill. Did 3 minutes per side as recommended.

This was quick and easy to follow! I added  garlic, chicken stock, and flour to the remaining butter poured over fish. I added spinach let it cook 3 mins, cut the grill off. Served with lemon garnish.

Absolutely loved this recipe! Has a spicy bite to it though! Best way I’ve ever eaten fish

Awesomeness!!!  Though I did follow the recommendation to cut the salt in half and since my son isn't big on heat I cut the cayenne in half too.  It was truly scrumptious!!!

Per my husband...”best fish I ever made”.   It was delicious.    Even the eight year old ate it instead of fish sticks.  Everyone loved it.   I cooked it inside in a cast iron skillet with the exhaust fan on high.    Worked fine.  Will be using this recipe from now on!!!!

