This recipes takes a while to make, but it is sure worth it!!  I've gotten rave reviews from many people who usually don't enjoy seafood.  I put shimp, clams, crab, mussels, and oysters in my version and it is wonderful!!!!

not too bad, but two items of thought.  Traditional Louisiana Gumbo does not contain tomato sauce and it does contain a roux.  The dark grey chocolate-esque look of traditional gumbo and the deep flavor of a roux cannot be duplicated with tomato sauce :)  Keep the file in it, but use a roux as a deep thickeningagent instead of the tomato sauce.  Also add okra :)  NOTE:  DO not add the File powder until the gumbo is done cooking and right before serving. File becomes distasteful when cooked and also doesn't keep well.  Only add it into individual servings right before going to the table.

I really liked the recipe.My wife isn’t a lover of spicy so I toned it down some.I used about a 3/8 tsp of cayenne pepper, 1 dash of hot pepper sauce and used the file spice to flavor each bowl. I used vegetable broth instead of fish stock.I also used a seafood medley of clams, shrimp, octopus and oysters to the mix.Every thing else stayed the same.And yes my arm got tired stirring to veggies!

I cook original Cajun gumbo so I added creole seasoning and roux. I know some don’t use tomatoes but I prefer it so I did use tomato sauce. I left out the cayenne  pepper and the hot pepper sauce. It turned out ok, but I think I should have stuck to using the file on individual bowls as it’s served. I will try again

I used diced tomatoes instead of tomato sauce.

Loved it!  Just a small tweak here and there with the spices.  (A little extra)

Good, but I only used 1/4 cup of oil.  3/4 of a cup is too much.  Who needs almost 40% of their daily fat requirement from a cup of gumbo.  I also added okra and cut down on the spices to suit my preference.

If you don’t have File powder you can substitute it with corn starch

Totally awesome. Used  Pod &Bean hot sauce from the Cocoa Exchange for the hot sauce. Didn’t have the sassafras. Used veggie stock, olive oil rather than veg oil, 15 ounce can of Cento tomato sauce, a Korean fish powder. (I don’t know hat it is called... wife’s dept!) cooked about 20 mins, no need for an hour. Added the seafood. Waited 10 mins and served over rice. An absolute winner. Friends over loved it.

I'm not a big fan of oysters, so omitted those.  I added some spicy Andouille sausage in its place.  I had problems finding chunk crab meat...only shredded which I added and crab legs which I was not going to shuck just to put in the pot.  (I'd rather eat it straight).  So I followed the recommendation of the guy in the seafood department and used some of that Imitation crab (which is supposedly a mix of real crab and found or some cheap fish).  BIG MISTAKE.  These are sold in roles the unrolled in the pot and became a long rubbery mess.  Won't make that mistake again.  Bottom line, despite the Imitation crab, I liked the gumbo as did my son.  My wife and daughter were not as crazy about it, and complained more about the smell stinking up the house.  I will same it for cooking outside in the future.

This recipe may or may not be good... shrimp, oysters, tomato sauce? (I used diced), fish stock are not on the ingredient list. I guessed at the amounts and it came out fair.

