Hi everyone, I am the author of this recipe and from reading the reviews I thought I would add...the roux color is really dependent on how you would like it.  I used milk chocolate as a reference as that's our family preference.  If you would like it darker then you would just keep a stirrin until it's a color you would desire-it also intensifies the flavor. Also, if you do not like it thick then reduce the flour/oil ratio to maybe 1/2 c. flour to 1/2 c. oil.  Thanks to everyone for trying the gumbo!!

Jodi

I don't know where I went wrong but the 1 cup of oil just ruined this dish for me.  It had a very oily feeling in my mouth that I did not care for.  I used Canola oil and had no problem achieving the chocolate color that other reviewers said was a must after 25 minutes of cooking the roux.  I followed the recipe  exactly and it smelled delicious but I just could not stomach the oily feel and taste in my mouth when I ate it. Tried serving the leftovers with rice but that didn't help it.  I will try using a recipe with less oil next time.

This is my go to gumbo recipe!  Fell in love first time I tried it!  From a Louisiana gal!

I'm not use to putting anything but raw chicken in my gumboBut that is just the way my family in Louisiana alwaysdone it! But I'm always ready to hear new ideas and I think I like this one with the rotisserie chicken!

Unfortunately didn’t love this recipeToo much oilToo little seasoningShould have browned the sausage onions and garlic first before putting it inNeeds some spice and maybe some shrimp

One pinch of creole seasoning?  Absurd and extremely bland.  More like  2-3 tablespoons plus smoked paprika, oregano, thyme, and gumbo filet powder and dried basil at the end.  Pretty good once it is seasoned properly.  I also used only 1/2 cup of olive oil instead of the 1 cup of vegetable oil called for.

Put this together as written...cooked the roux for 8 minutes for a brown-gold color then added the ingredients as instructed.  It was so, so good!  Guests were asking for the recipe!  This is a keeper, thank you!

This is almost identical to my recipe, although I don't meaure either. As for the oily complaints could be  sausage is contributingto the excess oil. Remove from heat and lay lettuce leaves on top to soak up the oil before serving. Like a salad that sits in dressing to long the lettuce will absorb the oils that float to the top.  Leave for 15 min after removing from heat then remove lettuce. Darker the roux the better almost coffee color is what I look for.

Easy, tasteful and is like the old school quick gumbo!

This flavor of this recipe was very good. However, I agree with the other reviews that it asks for wayyyyy too much oil.  Final product was very oily. It pooled to the top. I would decrease the amount substantially.

Too much oil, not nearly dark enough, we cook the chicken for the stock, and cook the sausage (andouille for sure!) to render the fat into the pot before we add some olive oil and flour to make the roux.

