Didn't try the recipe yet, just thought I'd add a note. To measure for the oil, place the turkey in the cooking basket and lower into the pot. Add enough water until it is one inch above the turkey.  Remove the turkey and basket from the pot. Measure the water level from the top of the pot. This is the amount of oil you will need to use to fry your turkey. If your water level is above the recommended oil level marked on the pot, the turkey is too big and shouldn't be fryed. 12 lb or smaller turkey is recommended. This is less messy than measuring the turkey in the oil.  Remember to thoroughly dry your turkey inside and out and dry the pot too.  Never leave your pot unattended.  Happy eating!!

I tried this recipe last year and everyone loved it. My tip for dealing with the flame and oil is this. Whenever inserting or removing turkey from the fryer take the fryer off the burner and place it on a piece of plywood or other surface that will not melt. Once the turkey is secured in the fryer it can be placed back on the flame to cook. When looking at all the things that go wrong with frying a turkey it is because the oil boils out over and down into the flame. This process eliminates that making it much safer to fry. Enjoy those birds.

I've been deep frying turkey's on Thanksgiving for years. Always a hit with family and friends. That said, I had my turkey fry kit for a few years before I used it for the 1st time, it's so dangerous having flame from the burner and hot oil!!! Don't take chances, do it by the book, avoid the fire department and the ER on Thanksgiving!I like to inject with marinade of one type or another. Happy Thanksgiving.

This recipe was fantastic and the ingredients for the Cajun seasoning may be used for any  meat recipe! Thank you!

Did my first deep fried turkey about three months ago, using this recipe. Zero complaints, lots of praise. 

Skin was a little blackened, but the heat on my fryer got away from me a little about a half hour in, so that's most likely what happened there. Even though the skin was dark, it was still very flavorful. 

Used some Guava IPA for the beer, and omitted onion juice because I couldn't find it anywhere, replaced with onion powder as a rub just before frying.

Doing this again tomorrow. Happy Thanksgiving!

I used this recipe last year and will again this year . Had about 20 family members and friends over, EVERYONE said best turkey they ever had!!!!! there were even a few who didn't like turkey and ended up eating more than their share. Needless to say we had no leftovers!

This was a good and flavorful recipe!

I enjoyed this recipe,  & my guests were happy with the bird. I  felt like it was slightly overcooked,  when I lowered the bird into the oil I noticed that the temperature of the oil dropped, so I turned the fryer up until the oil was back to 350, not sure if that was the right move???

Terrible waste of a $30 turkey and two days of prep

I've made this with 2 turkeys for each thanksgiving for the last 5 years and everyone always loves it and all the leftovers. I am VERY surprised this doesn't have more 5 star ratings. It is superb. DO IT IF YOU ARE PLANNING ON DEEP FRYING A TURKEY. there is no better way.

