I had everything on hand so that is why I decided to try this recipe plus something new. We loved it!!! My chops were 3/4 inch thick and I only cooked them for 3 minutes on high for each side and then 1 minute per side with the glaze. I checked to see what the temp was inside and they were perfect. Very juicy and the flavor was excellent! Thanks for sharing. I will do these again and not change anything.

Those poor little pork chops!  One might as well eat a candy bar!

Really liked the maple/mustard taste.  But only add the Fennel IF you really like it. Even the small amount is more than what I like. Will make again only without the Fennel.

My whole family gave this recipe rave reviews.  I made only one adjustment.  Once partially frying on both sides I placed the chops on a bed of celery sticks and drizzled half the sauce on top.  Baked at 325 for about 15 minutes then turned over and drizzled with the rest of the sauce.  Returned to the oven for about 10 more minutes. They were melt in your mouth and the sauce has an amazing flavour.  I learned the celery trick many years ago from a great polish lady.

My family loved these. Very easy to make. I omitted the fennel seed ( I didn’t have any)

I made the mistake of not using canola oil, not realizing it's smoke point was higher than olive.  But this is an amazing recipe.  I subbed fennel seed with parsley since I didn't have it.  Would be interested to try it with dill.Thank you!

This was excellent. I had four bone in chops. It took two skillets to cook it all. Worth the extra dirty skillet. I didn’t have fennel seed so substituted with cumin. The meat was a huge hit with the whole family.

A nice taste and, with the glaze, very good on mashed potatoes.  I typically cut my own very thick chops then cook them sous-vide with the spices before breading/browning them in a frying pan and adding the glaze.  One of my favorite recipes!

Best pork chops we’ve ever had. Restaurant quality!!

I made these. Havent had pork in years.  Didn't have fennel so left it out. Used dijon didn't have spicy mustard. Left out cayenne. AMAZING! Sooooo tasty. Thank you!

This is a favorite of ours!  It is definitely "let's use this recipe" above all others.

