Fantastic appetizer to a 4th of July grilled steak dinner.  The only thing that I changed was adding a bit of salt, nothing else.  After tasting the tomato mixture, I almost added more red wine vinegar.  Glad I didn't, because the balsamic drizzle brought just the perfect balance of acidity to this bruschetta.  Thoroughly enjoyed, thanks for sharing!  And it really is "light and fresh."

Made per recipie, i must say in every resturant i've cooked for it was baked, so after marinating in fridge was kinda bland.

Added a little kosher salt and feta cheese. Delicious!

Super disappointed after doing all that work. I’ve been hungry for Bruschetta for a while since our local restaurant hasn’t put it on their menu yet this summer, I decided to make it with a bunch of locally grown tomatoes. It was ok, but pretty bland, even with some shredded permesian and salt added. It seems like something else was missing - maybe it was the difference in fresh vs. dried basil? (the store was out of fresh). This recipe make a LOT and it’s just my dh and me eating it. I need to figure out what to add so it doesn’t get wasted! P.S. I even made homemade baguette from this site.

I loved the end result, but I only gave it 4 stars because I had to add about 3/4 teaspoon of salt and some Parmesan cheese. The base recipe was a touch bland for me.

Loved it.

I followed the recipe exactly, except for drizzling the balsamic on top. It was absolutely delicious! This is my go to recipe for bruschetta, as it’s light and fresh.

Assignment.

Great recipe, but I recommend a practice run first so the second time will be perfect with the minor changes we all make. Cheese also makes a great addition if you want it a bit more salty, but adding cheese and salt may make it too salty. Little changes is what makes food yours, but without guidance and basic directions it can be much more difficult to make a classic dish the way it's meant to be before making the magic.

Excellent! Highly recommended.

The only I did different was To lightly toast one side and then rotated the bread and put the olive oil on the second side and toasted like the directions said.

