I made this back in October on a grouse hunting trip. Before cooking the meat I "bled" it overnight to get rid of the game-y taste (refrigerate in salted water overnight). We also got as much meat as possible off the bird, and cut the "dark meat" pieces small, keeping the breasts whole. I sauteed all the meat in the skillet and threw it all into a roasting pan. After it was cooked through I removed the breasts, and put the roaster right onto the stove top to make my gravy in there. I left those little pieces of "dark" meat in the roaster and OMG did it ever make the gravy nice. I can't wait to make this again. To Terri: dry partridge is almost inevitable. It doesn't take very long to cook and even slight overcooking dries it out. Baste frequently while it roasts and try not to overcook. I cook it till it's so close to done it might as well be, take it out of the oven and let it rest, tented, in a warm spot. The temp will continue to rise which should get it just right. Use chicken temp guidelines. Good luck :)

I hate to put a bad review on this because everyone else was so positive but my dish came out very dry.  2 mins per side to sear the meat seemed way to long to me but I did it anyway.  Also there is just so much grease in this dish that it seems like too much.  I think next time I will try a crock pot recipe.  If you end up making this then I hope it turns out better for you.

A partridge and grouse aren't the same birds. If you're talking of Northern (or Eastern) Ontario, you have the ruffed grouse. Partridges are typically found in the Canadian Prairies.

The flavour was great. I used a dry mead I made instead of wine. The flavor was good.  To avoid it being over cooked, I used a thermometer. Depending on the size of the grouse, the time will vary. The breasts were moist and drum sticks tender. Next time I will sauté the onions and garlic just until translucent. Will definitely make it again.

I make this all the time and it is one of my all time favorites!

I love Partridge hunting but growing up my family always struggled with the classic 'can of soup' method of cooking them, often leaving them dry and slightly gamey. I've been trying to find new ways to cook the birds to make them more universally appealing and this recipe knocks it out of the park! No changes made with the exception of adding a marinade step prior to starting. The partridge came out as soft as I've ever had them. Served with wild rice and winter squash. Can't wait to make it again!

Definitely my go to for grouse! It is so hard finding recipes for grouse, and this is my go to for a nice meal. I made mashed potatoes for a side and the gravy was delightful!

This recipe is amazing - the resulting gravy really makes the dish!  Wouldn’t change a thing.

My husband made this recipe using Hungarian Partridge.  It was easy and delicious!

I’ve tried this twice in the last two weeks. The second time I used red instead of white wine...because I didnt have white. 
It obviously changed the flavour but I thought it was also excellent. I really like this recipe. It definitely calls for bread to clean up the gravy!

A relatively simple recipe, and it was amazing. I did sear the grouse for a shorter amount of time and it didn't come out dry at all.

