hello. i'm the submitter of this recipe. i forgot to add an important side note to this recipe. if i have apple juice on hand, i'll use it in place of the water. i find that it adds another layer of flavour and sweetness to the apples.

Sorry, the entire time I'm following the recipe I did't agree with two things. 1. the amount of butter is waaay to much. I didn't like the greasy feeling when eating them. 2. Cooking the apples prior to putting them in the oven, only makes the apples mushy. Even thought I disagreed with these steps, I made it as directed and disliked the outcome. If I remake these I will cut the butter in half and not cook the apples prior to putting them in the oven. Not my favorite

I do not understand how this recipe got so many good reviews. It is not only very time consuming (which I usually don't mind) but it is disgustingly sweet. I wish I had listened to the other negative reviews. It took way too long to make, it all stuck in my pans, and it was pure sugar. Do not waste your time on this one.

These were an absolute disaster! Waaaaaay too much butter in this recipe! Also, far too sweet. Can’t taste the apple at all.

The apple crisp bites are delicious! First time ever making them. They are a little time consuming, but they  are worth it. I found that if you freeze them after they are cooled, they are easier to get out of the mini muffin pans.

These were really disappointing. They tasted good but fully 1/3 of them disintegrated when I tried to remove them from the pan.  This is a shame because they were really tasty. I kept the broken ones and ate them with vanilla ice cream but these were for a party so I only had a few to bring.

I made them into large muffins they came out excellent and are delicious.

Very easy

Yummy!!

Delicious!  Don’t know what my photo won’t upload. Says it’s too large even if I take a pic. Anyway, I made them in the regular size because I don’t have the mini. I cut the crust recipe in half and it was enough for 12. I had leftover apples so I made apple pie filling with them and added on top.  I really did that because I forgot to save some crust to put on top before baking. Well my mistake turned out  BEAUTIFUL and DELICIOUS.  Thanks for the wonderful recipe. I will be baking them for Thanksgiving

This is a great recipe! I doubled the recipe because I had so many apples. I also substituted the butter with a mixture of coconut oil, applesauce and landed almonds as that is what I had on hand. Next time I make this recipe I may pre-cook the lower crust. The applesauce I believe made it a bit soft. I would prefer a little crunch in the crust the next time I make these yummy mini apple crisps.

