Grew up eating this as a child (not in Canada).  Absolutely delicious!  Only difference I did is my crust is 2 sticks of butter, 1 cup of flour, and 1 cup chopped pecans.  350 and bake for 25.  I also added some powdered sugar to the whipped cream.  Thanks for posting this recipe.  I love it and encourage others to try.

I fixed this according to directions & 3 cups of milk mixed with both puddings makes for too thick of pudding layer & 2 packages of cream cheese layer was over powering.   Other versions of this recipe call for 1 pkg of cream cheese and 3 cups of milk mixed with vanilla pudding and 3 cups milk mixed with chocolate pudding & they are layered, not mixed together. Needs to be some clarification in directions.

very good

I made this to take to our family Christmas dinner dessert. There were many problems with this recipe. It does not day to grease the pan and the cookie bottom stuck to the pan and couldn't even be pried off. The layers were much too thick. This would have been better in a larger pan. The third issue I had was that the recipe did not mention to add sugar to the whipped cream so the whipped topping was plain and bland. I then added sugar tonight after it was whipped and I realized the problem...so then it was over whipped. What a disaster for Christmas. Would not recommend.

I used or so graham cracker, 2 chocolate puddings instead of 1 chocolate and 1 vanilla.  I didn't put whipped cream on top, but did put chocolate chips and crushed peppermint.  I make it for Christmas every year.

Was very good going to make it again

After reading the reviews I thought this was going to be a winner!  But it didn't go over very well with my son's hockey team and my hubby/kids basically said, "eh"...as in, it's fine but don't make it again!

Used 1/2 cup of butter not margarine and 1 cup of crushed pecans in the base. Also used fresh whipping cream rather than cool whip. Crushed Skor Bar and Peanut Butter Cups on the top instead of wafer cookies.

Great recipe.. My changes, I used butter for the crust and added a bit of cinnamon, nutmeg and walnuts and cut it in... Used the whole tub of Cool Whip because I found it too heavy with only two cups.. also added some powdered sugar to the whipping cream as another reviewer suggested.

I have made this many times, adding pecans to the crust as well.

Rave reviews for Christmas Dessert this year

