I made this for my husband.  He loved it.  I didn't strain the jalapenos before adding the pectin, so it was more of a jam.  My hasband said that the only thing it needed was more spice.  But that was my fault because I removed *all* of the seeds and ribs before blending.  Thanks!

Recipe didn't work as printed.  When you are supposed to get 4 cups of liquid, and all you get is about 3/4 cup, who knows which way to go.  And with Jelly that is wrong.  I couldn't get a set.  Although the taste was good it is soup.

I have used this recipe (modified) for 3 years.  It's now my go to.  I put all 16 jalapenos in and don't remove the pulp.  It's cooked pretty soft and the seeds let you know it's going to be hot.  Skip step 3 and everything else is fine.  It makes a firm set jelly that is sweet fire!  Best tip:  Freeze jalapenos as they turn red and save until you have enough, then use a red bell pepper.  It makes the most beautiful red jelly with no food coloring.

Flavor is delicious, but mine came out like a thick honey, not a jelly. I followed the recipe except for using powdered pectin. I had no liquid on hand. Not sure if that was the problem, or if I boiled it too hard after adding sugar. Wish I could hear someone's advice.

Every one I know loves my pepper jelly! I make it year round. It's especially good in the fall with garden fresh peppers. It's a great snack with cream cheese and crackers

I will definitely be making this jelly again.   I couldn’t resist trying it on crackers with cream cheese before it was cool.  It is SOO good!   I used ripe, red jalapeños with seeds and substituted the green pepper with a cup of fresh mint.   Can’t wait to try it with roast lamb.   I like spice so I wasn’t shy about going heavy on the hot peppers.   I think I’ll call it Mr. Blister jelly.

We have been using this recipe for years, and it’s amazing!! It doesn’t matter how many jalapeños you use, or if you don’t measure quite right.. the jelly still comes out delicious every time. I only use 4 cups of sugar per serving, but basically everything else is the same. Everyone dies for this jelly when we make it and give out to family and friends :)) When I make a “red” batch -I also add cayenne and hot banana peppers.. which gives extra kick and a unique flavor.  I always make in bulk… so usually making 10 or more servings …and it’s fabulous every time!

Seriously, people are waiting in line for a second round of JPJ gifts!  I upped the heat ante by adding a seeded serrano chili.  I think in the future I am going to try adding some fruit, like pineapples or peaches and  thinking about a batch with mint and lime.  Thanks for a superlaunching-off place!!

This a big hit with all, I have peope lining up for this when i make it!

Excellent flavor. I made it as written, except that I used powdered pectin. After simmering the peppers, I had 1 1/2 cups of liquid. I imagine that it varies according to how juicy the peppers are. From there, I followed the method given on the pectin box. I ended up with 9 quarter pint jars and a couple of ounces of overage which we devoured with cheese and crackers.

Super easy and tasty. This will become a new staple at my house

