I started with dry chickpeas, rather than canned.  After  cooking, I followed the directions, allowing to dry for about 45 minutes.  I spread them in a layer on a towel to get them as dry as possible.  Following the directions exactly the first time resulted in a very crunchy snack, which my toddler loved, but which did not hold any of the seasoning.  After that, I have added a little olive  oil and salt after the 2nd pan shaking (i.e. after 20 minutes cooking). Then finish cooking as directed.  Sometimes them I cook an extra  5 minutes- I think it depends how dry I get the chickpeas before roasting.  Leaving them to cool in the oven for 2 hours does result in chickpeas that stay crispy for several days.  I store them in a mason jar, and they have stayed crisp up to 2 weeks (as long as it takes my son to eat them).  This recipe and technique has resulted in a staple snack for us.  Thank you for sharing it!

I’ve been trying to perfect roasted chickpeas for quite some time and I think this method is the one. Previously, after rinsing the chickpeas I dried with a paper towel, then proceeded to bake them right away. This time, after drying I put them on dry paper towels and let sit for over an hour. I used a glass baking dish (not a flat pan) lined with parchment paper, and baked without any oil or spices. Shook them every 10 minutes, at the 40 minute mark, I turned the oven off and put the chickpeas in a bowl, added olive oil, salt and ancho chili powder, mixed then returned to the baking dish and put them back in the over for 15 min. I like them warm so started eating right away. They were very crunchy, and nowhere near burnt.

I was super excited for these cus I love a similar snack made with peas. BEWARE THE POPPING! Almost injured my eye. :( I think my problem was the spices I used to season it for the weird taste, if I made it again I’d probably use someone else’s spices or the original recipes spice (which I don’t have atm).

Very crunchy! I used convection roast cycle, which shortened baking time by 15 mins and parchment on a dark baking sheet. After the beans were done, I sprayed with buttery cooking spray then sprinkled with salt, chili powder and cumin. Then let rest in oven as directed. Delicious!

I followed instructions exactly except for the seasoning part. For the last 10 minutes of baking, I sprayed lightly with cooking spray then added the seasonings, back in the oven. After reading several comments, I wanted to make sure the seasonings stuck to them. It worked perfectly! I tried them this morning; delicious! I will be making these frequently.

i added some spices-- will change it up with my mood.

I baked them too long I think and they were too hard. I might try again, but the flavor wasn’t there.

Very good but didn't find the seasoning sticks so after the oven bit I tossed them with a touch of butter in a frying pan for a few minutes.  Next time, I'll do as another reviewer did and add olive oil, or butter, in the latter stages of the oven roasting

I made these for my husband and he loves them! I made these exactly as written and seasoned them lightly with sea salt. Thanks for sharing.
#Allrecipesallstarscanada #recipedetective

I've made these twice now and they're great for snacking and so much healthier than potato chips.

