One of the best meals that have ever come out of my kitchen. This gravy recipe is amazing. I followed the recipe and video exactly. The only change I made was using more meat because I couldn’t find a small enough chuck roast. I really can’t beleive how amazing the flavor was for such a simple and easy recipe!

The gravy is good but it takes HOURS to make the meat tender.... not just 30 minutes....and I cut it into very small pieces.

This is wonderful, well worth the effort, we substituted mushrooms for the onions and added a little wine

I followed this recipe to a tee and it was fantastic!   So delicious!   I will certainly be making this recipe often.   I really impressed my neighbors with the poutine on our social distancing patio dinner party!

With Corona in full swing, the grocery store was out of fries and cheese curds.  I knew I wouldn't have time to make my own fries, so I improvised by using cube style hash browns and creamy Havarti.  An unexpected bonus was that the hash browns didn't get soggy.

Sorry for the low rating, I made this and it was very good, but my problem with this recipe is that the poutine's sauce is a gravy rather than poutine's signature sauce which is meant to be a thin, savory sauce. Again it tasted good, I'm just a poutine snob.

I am fast developing a big ole crush on this man's wonderful recipes! Since there is little chance I could get my husband to eat anything with the word "curd" in it, I instead used grated Monterey Jack, which I, of course, grated myself. It was delicious!

Made two batches for a poutine party I hosted using fresh beef chuck. Had to cook it the night before and then reheat. Everyone raved about the poutine! I just used frozen crinkle cut fries and store-bought cheese curds.  The gravy was the key! Chef John, your tips about the fond and the cooked pie crust smell really helped me take this to the next level with flavor. I have never made a gravy so good. My husband asked me to make it again for his visiting family in a few weeks.

The gravy is good but it takes HOURS to make the meat tender.... not just 30 minutes....and I cut it into very small pieces.

Pure Love In A Bowl!!!!!!

We love this!  Did not change a thing and can’t wait to make it again. Highly Recommended - while it takes time to complete, it is easy and involves simple ingredients!

