We just barely had enough flour mixture to cover 2 very large breasts cut up. I baked them instead of frying, but changed none of the flavor components. (I might have used a bit more butter, I melted more than 1Tbs.) I suggest to put a bit of the sauce mixture in a large bowl with 6-10 pieces and toss to mix, repeating as necessary.  The flavor was comparable to most wings restaurants that we've visited.   I'll be making this again.

Burned on the outside, raw on the inside.

I need only a single coating. This is an exact duplicate recipe of the Hooter’s clone but it still contains too much breading. A single dip and drop should be all it needs to be like Hooter’s.

Excellent recipe. Much better than any of the famous restaurants

I used bbq sauce but the crunch is out of this world. May never buy another nugget anywhere. My husband starting eating after the first batch and we loved it.

The one complaint from my picky eating children is that I never make enough of this. They ditch the buffalo sauce and toss with orange chicken sauce instead and eat it over rice. Better than take out.

This came out excellent! I made more than the recipe called for but didn’t prep enough flour so had to make more. I also used a combination of oils  including coconut, olive oil and vegetable. Delicious recipe. Chicken was nice and crispy.

Totally awesome recipe. Only thing I did different was I marinaded the chicken in buttermilk and the egg for 24 hrs. My total go to now.

Good recipe just follow directions. People who said the inside was raw your oil was to hot smarty.

I made this using Frank's Buffalo Red Hot Sauce and butter.  I also used a Fry Daddy for frying.  The Fry Daddy only took 3 minutes, 15 seconds versus the recommended fry time in the recipe.  Husband kept saying how much he loved it and that they were restaurant quality.  I thought they were great!  Much better than I expected.

I followed the recipe exactly except that I baked the chicken for 25 minutes at 400 degrees instead of deep frying.I agree with a previous review that 1/4 cup of milk is more than enough, rather than a full cup.  I also think next time I will double bread since baking them instead of frying made them less crispy than they otherwise would have come out.My teenage son loved them as they came out this time though and asked me to make it again, so this recipe is a keeper.

