This is absolutely awesome! I followed it as directed with the exception of using moose instead of beef. Perfection!

Way to much corn starch in this recipe.

Absolutely fantastic, a real flavor punch. I used different veggies and a little less sugar for the sauce. I served it over jasmin rice and it turned out great. I will absolutely be making this recipe again.

I have made this recipe a number of times. It is always a crowd pleaser.

I followed another reviewer's suggestion to "velvet" the meat, and this recipe turned out amazing!! It was very, very close to the ginger beef we get in takeout. I let the meat soak in the velveting mixture overnight and it seemed to work great.The only other tweak I did was to greatly reduce the amount of red pepper flakes since it was being served to family who can't handle much heat at all. Made it once last week and I've already got the ingredients prepped to make it again today.Definitely adding this to our regular meal rotation!

I found the SECRET to having the batter stick to the beef while frying!!!  Have you ever heard of "velveting" the meat?!  It is the dunking of the meat in a slurry of: 1TBSP Corn starch, 1TBSP Soy sauce & 1TBSP Sesame oil (or other light oil) for 30 mins.  This is the secret that chinese food restsurants use.  "Velveting" tenderizes the meat, as well as making an even, protective coating that browns meat evenly, seals in juices & improves sauce adhesion. I also dredged the beef in Corn starch again afterwards, and this made it fry up perfectly!  (See picture).  I snuck a pinch of ginger powder to said slurry).It also becomes even more important to "not" add a slurry to the sauce (as so many have); all the corn starch you'll ever need was fried on and is stuck to your beef already.  Add the fried beef to the flavourful liquid-y sauce and give it a few minutes to soak into all of the beef, inside and out of the coating.  Look, this recipe is seriously good all on its own and will turn out regardless, but it is its own perfection to let the sauce soak in and thicken up the way it was meant to.  I turn heat to Super low and let it mix& mingle, sometimes for an hour.I tried 6 different techniques in cooking this dish (from yt videos), and "velveting" the meat turned out closest to takeout or delivery. But seriously, every version was just delicious.  Thanks for sharing this recipe OP!!  I loved it!PS - I needed to make more of the sauce in a hurry.  I had run out of rice vinegar & brown sugar and so substituted white vinegar and honey in instead.  Don't do it!   If you're already springing for good steak, ya gotta treat it with the right ingredients.  It wasn't inedible, but neither  was it any good.Also - here in Mexico 1Tbsp of Red pepper chile flakes is plenty.  You will want to lower it if not used to spicy!

I have made this recipe as is, about 8 times, we love it!

I also added celery. Just a couple of tablespoons of corn starch to coat the meat. turned out great. Thank you.

I tried this recipe and i definitely enjoy the outcome.Personal issues i ran into was frying the beef to get it crispy.i also dont think i had enough ginger.Issue i found with the recipe was that the batter was runny and if i used only 1 egg instead of 2 it would probably have made it thicker and more prone to sticking to the beef strips. But i will note the isse could have came from the inconsistent temps for my oil when cooking.I also taste a lot of the rice vinegar in the finished product but i do not mind it. But I would be concerened if i was making it for someone else.The sauce itself was also quite watery so i cooked it on high to thicken it up and got the desired result.I am going to tweak the recipe to minimize the amount of rice vinegar, use 1 less egg to thicken the batter and maybe a little less water.Overall it was quick and easy and enjoyable.

The flavour was amazing … but I made this twice and both times the coating wouldn’t stay on the beef … am I doing something wrong?

sauce is excellent!  Batter is a little lite.  I prefer something that would stick to it and then be crispier after frying.  That said, this is a keeper

