Great recipe! However, the recipe does not mention that you cannot use lean ground pork for this (that is probably why some people found it not easy to spread).Another trick to increase creaminess: use an immersion blender after 20 min. of cooking. It improves the texture (if you want smoother cretons, that is).

It taste a lot better with fresh bread crumbs as well (if using fresh, increase to 1/2 cup. Traditional recipe call for 1 cup of fresh bread crumbs, but it is a bit much for my taste).

I am an unrooted french canadian, so I was glad to find this recipe, which is a staple in our household!

This recipe is a very old one. As with ones that are passed down from Mere Mere, pronouced "meh-may". (grandmother). These recipes vary greatly. From Cretons with spices to ones that have hardly any. I tend to like the spices, and the oldest recipe I have found includes these wonderful spices. 
This recipe was made for me over 20 years ago from a friend that we were stationed with in the Air Force. She was very "French Canadian" and spoke it often. Once having this recipe, I was hooked with French Canadian Cuisine. 

This recipe was left a little bland for me. Many have had a hard time with this one. But you must be patient with this one. It takes a long time to cook. And even if the liquid looks all gone, keep stirring and at the end when all of it is still hot, turn it in a food processor. Just to get that perfect Puree. Press it in a loaf pan. Then you can turn it out and make slices to match the size of the bread. This is a fantastic breakfast. 

As they say: Çé tsiguidou. 

(everythings A-Okay, or everythings alright)

Ive been using this recipe for years. It does need more of the stated spices, double what is recommended.  You do not need an émersion blender if you stir VERY OFTEN DURING COOKING PROCESS. Be patient, dont skimp on cooking time. Once meat begins to cook, lower to simmer. I have always used saltine crackers because that’s what my maman used. Delicious on any cracker or on toast for breakfast. A bit of mustard sure adds flavor but most people dont like it that way. Try it, you might like it!

My dad used to make Cretons and it was a time consuming process to do right.  We are Acadian and my dad's recipe is one he got from his mom (17 kid family) so you know it was good.The trick is to not use ground pork.  Get a real cut of pork, put it in the freezer just enough to harden it and make it easier to cut.  Then you cut it in as small of cubes as you can.  Simmer it forever with your onion and voila.  Spices to taste obviously.My dad would make Cretons and Tourtiere for any bake sales or fund raisers I had growing up playing baseball or for school trips and he'd sell out within hours every time.With cretons you just have to trust your instincts when simmering to know when it's right.

Have done it mutiple times now, amazing recipe, definitely reccomend. I personally add a little more onions and garlic then listed ;)

If you follow the recipe perfectly, it comes out tasting EXACTLY like Gorton used to taste (the kind from the Northeast that came in a white tub). So delicious on toast or crackers.

This is a good recipe...I use it to remind myself not to forget any ingredients.  My Grandma taught me how to make this and we love it.  I do add bay leaves and garlic.  The other thing is that medium ground pork works best and full fat milk.  Also although I do start it on med heat I reduce it to low/med low heat (very gentle simmer) for the rest of the time.

Yes I added some clove and nutmeg. But very good.

This recipe is a good jumping off point - but it's super short on seasoning.  More like 1 tsp allspice, 3/4 tsp clove per pound of meat.

I also stick an immersion blender in the pot when I add the bread crumbs to help smooth it out.  It spreads nicer that way.

I added half a teaspoon of each spice and rendered some pork fat for extra flavour

Excellent Cretons, I followed some of the suggestions in the reviews turned out perfect

