Me and my husband both really enjoyed this recipe!! I did change it up a little bit though. I only used 1 pound ground pork and 1 pound ground beef and I browned the meat with 1 onion chopped, approx. 1 tbls minced garlic and steak seasoning. I also added garlic to the mashed potatoes. This was the perfect amount of filling for 1 pie. Very tasty! Thanks for the great recipe.

If Husband picks at something with little interest (he'll eat ANYTHING), I know there's something wrong... I thought the nutmeg might be nice, but it just tasted weird. I used one pie shell as a lid to cut down on calories. I added so much seasoning - garlic, onion powder, Worcestershire sauce - but it still wasn't great. I seriously doubt I will make this again. It was edible at least. Sorry.

Delicious!

I too, hail  from the Northeast and Pork Pie is a must! I adjusted the recipe above with a few tweaks from my Grammie's recipe:  poultry seasoning to taste, ground clove one pinch, allspice to taste.  I also add a heaping spoon of garlic in the ground pork .  Oh and I soo don't add ground beef.....this is pork pie!

Instead of 1 1/2 cups of fresh mashed potatoes I used a package of instant Idaho Red Potatoes and for sided dishes stuffed olives, pickles, tater tots and Cesar Salad. This is what I served my family on Christmas Eve 2019.

PS. The center of my pie was a snowman...

My pie crust wasn’t pretty but no one cared.  This was pretty good.

I make this all the time,I'm from Rhode island and I was raised on meat pie.  I now live in Tennessee and nobody I talk to has ever heard of it.  I just made it the other day but I used only ground beef and it came out great!

Not a review, yet, just don't know what is meant by fill bottom of shell with pastry?
Didn't see pastry listed anywhere!
Please help!
Recently divorced, and retired, and have found i love cooking! In RI i remember pork pies, and want to make one!

Added onions.  Next time, I want to try adding carrots as well as onions, and probably serve it with a size of gravy.

Thank you so much for bringing memories of Christmas back to me. This is basically the same recipe that ma grand-mere passed to ma mere (I apologize, my computer doesn't speak French). Grand-mere's differences were that she always used onions and used allspice as her seasoning. Just remember that every grandmother out there had her own recipe, each as good as the other. Also we all adjust spices and seasonings to our own tastes. Keep that in mind and we all eat well.

I tried this recipe because I wanted to have a pork pie,  like my mother use make. 
Well, it came out perfect. My boyfriend and I both loved it.  I served cranberry sauce with it and brussel sprouts (for a veggie), cuz that's how I had it when I was a kid. And since my mom had passed away, and I couldn't find out how to make it, so I turned to "Allrecipes.com". Thank you so much for bringing my memories back to life. 
IT WAS DELICIOUS.

