After 3 tries, and some minor adjustments, these are now perfect.  I  didn't find the muffins sweet enough as is, so I added 1/4 cup brown sugar.  I wasn't sure what yo do with the random 2tbsp. flour, so I added it it the topping.  Bake time is closer to 22mins @ 400F.

It was a little dry, but the taste was good. I would add 3/4 cup apple sauce next time  to increase the moisture.

I added more just brown sugar after the oven. Also 50% more apple sauce. I use the cinnamon applesauce It taste great. If you wanna go over the top with flavor use Stone Buhr whole wheat flour. I don't usually use wheat flour but with this is taste better. Also I use vanilla paste. Oh and double the topping yes and I do 1 1/4 cups flour.

I would double the topping next time.

Simple recipe with great results!

These were very bland, no sweetness at all. They were 1/2" high on the edges and 1" high in the middle, I won't make these again.  After writing this review, I made the last bath of muffins and filled the muffin cups to the brim. These muffins were 3/4" high and did not run over the brim while baking. Still, I won't make again.

They were delicious! I did change 1/4 c sugar and 1/4 c stevia.

This was delicious.  I reduced the sugar to 1/3 C, added 2 medium apples.  I diced one and shredded the other.  I also added 1/4 C of melted butter.   Didn't add any topping,  They were sweet enough but not a dessert.  Had 2 for breakfast right out of the oven with butter and they were delicious.   Next time I'll increase the cinnamon for more flavor.   These changes reduced carbs even more.

I like simple plain muffins but not ones that are super plain I like chunkymuffins to eat for breakfast and these are exceptional for that.thank you!

This was a tasty, light, and easy to put together muffin. Used a large Royal Gala apple because they soften quickly and baked at 375 for 23 minutes on convection bake. My only complaint is they had a bit of an oily taste. I will replace oil for melted butter next time.

This was delicious!! I made the apple sauce from scratch because all of my applesauce pouches were expired :( but it was super easy! Two apples cut up, a few quick squeezes of bottled lemon juice, about a half cup of water and some cinnamon. I put it in a pan and simmered for about 15 mins adding some more water when I saw it was dry. Then I pureed it in a small portable blender I have and voila! It was just a little over 1/2 a cup - which was perfect for this recipe! Since the apple sauce was hot, I folded it in after I mixed the wet and dry ingredients and folded in the cubed apples afterwards. A few other adjustments I made (but weren't necessary! just felt like doing it) was sprinkled some pumpkin spice blend (I'd say about 1/4 tsp) into the dry mix and I used two cut up apples for the fresh apples at the end - mainly because I wanted to get rid of them all before everything started to rot ;) Thank you so much to the maker of this recipe! It's very versatile and I think adding things like mini chocolate chips or walnuts would add to the texture nicely! I also was able to do this super fast - which was great for my sweet tooth! haha Saving this gem for the holidays!

