great recipe! very simple I cook jamaican curry chicken about 5 times a year. Not often the breast. So I used this recipe just spooned the outed extra oil and simmered down for a longer time so the gravy could thicken. also u could add small pieces of potato to the simmering process. it will help thicken gravy and make it more hearty!

I added fresh  thyme, rosemary  and curry, with spicy peppers.  (From my herbal garden) I also added fresh coconut,  Brown sugar, and almond milk. allowed that mixture to simmer then  poured over chicken, fresh baby carrots and potatoes. Allowed all ingredients ti simmer until chicken, potatoes and carrots were cooked. Serves over long grain rice.

i loved it! i did it the traditional way though and added potatoes cut into small cubes. very tasty dish. I served it over white rice. This is now a family favorite.

the best

delicious, nice kick to it.

This recipe was so easy and it was so good

I felt it was simultaneously bland and over-seasoned at the same time, which honestly I've never quite encountered before. The habanero and  curry powder combined overpowered any other flavors in the dish. I also thought the chicken turned out somewhat overcooked. If I were to make this again, I'd decrease the habanero, or perhaps substitute it out for a less spicy variety of pepper. It also could stand to thicken up the sauce a touch, but I'm not as well-versed myself on how exactly to go about that. Could be really good with a few tweaks.

I enjoyed this recipe. It was easy to make. I will definitely try it again. Thanks!

I made it a little bland but good my wife loved it like I said bland but spicy hot spicy

I marinated the chicken in the Jamaican spices for a couple of hours before adding to the pan, it was beautiful.

Delicious, my store didn’t have habanero so I got Serrano peppers but I used 3 instead of 2, used 2 red bell peppers, 1 cup of pineapples, 2 teaspoons of brown sugar, I also marinated my chicken with 2 tablespoons olive oil, 2 tablespoons jerk seasoning, 1teaspoon smoked paprika, 1teaspoon garlic powder and let it sit in fridge for 2 hour taking it out another hour to reach room temp before adding to pan to cook.

