I am french canadian and meat pie has been a family tradition for years, made by my Memere's, but is a long lost art as we have americanized our traditions. I made it this thanksgiving with the help of my Aunt and she says leave out the cinnamon but use more allspice in it's place, do not add water, and add the potato after you cook the meat, little by little until you feel it is perfect for you. I did 2 pies, one this one way and one her way, and she was right. But both were very tasty and did not last the night. Will definetly be making again for Christmas Eve. Thanks!

UPDATE: TO THE REVIEW WHO'S PIE HAD CHUNKS OF POTATO, SAVE ONE POTATO FOR DICIING BUT USE THE REMAINING POTATOES FOR MASHING INTO THE MEAT. THE POTATOS IS THE TRICK FOR KEEPING THE MEAT FROM BEING CRUMBLY..UPDATE #2, USE HALF PORK, HALF GROUND BEEF. YUMMY!

Perhaps this is an acquired taste. We didn't care for it.

Delicious.  I use puff pastry I also saved half of the meat and used puff pastry to make sausage rolls they were to die for. Just roll out the puff pastry I rolled the puff pastry out a little enough to make 6 sausage rolls.  Place a small meat (sausage size) on each piece of pastry and roll them up, coat with egg wash and bake at 400f for 20-25 min.

This is the same recipe handed down by my great grandmother (Mémère).  Now, I too am a great grandmother and use it. It's a true French Canadian Tourtière.

It was moist and tasted just like the Meat Pies my husband grew up with in Canada. A keeper recipe! Thank-you.

One of the few things that's just as good is the potato cooked in a microwave. Seriously an energy and time saver.

Added 1 finely chopped piece of celery.

I loved this recipe, so easy and yet so flavourful. I added garlic because I love garlic in everything, and it was delicious!

This recipe is EXACTLY the same one I, my mother and grandmother have made for the last 100 years...down to the ingredients and measurements.  We also refrigerate some filling without a crust and use as couton (or creton) spread.  Thank you for keeping the tradition alive.

What a good tourtières

45% Pork, 45% Beef + a fair bit of cognac, a fair bit in the pie too. Super secret ingredient, fresh partridge (10%) for a very nice soupçon of the wild. Hey, it’s hunting season...turned out really well, baked 2

