I put a full can (300ml) of sweetened cond milk, half cup of vinegar and teaspoon of garlic. PERFECTTTTTTTT!!!!! I thought the recipe was too simple to be correct but holy lard jumpin jeezis it turned out unreal

It's the real thing. Thanks for this allrecipes.

Been using 1 300ml can Sweetened Condensed Milk : 1/2c White Vinegar : 1 1/4 tsp Granular Garlic powder. Let stand in fridge for atleast an hour but 4-6 hours is better. Turns out perfect.

I agree wholeheartedly with Chad Bryden. I usually make donair sauce with evaporated milk and sugar but I wasn't feelin' like going  out and  only had a can of condensed. I added 1/4 cup of vinegar first  tasted and added the other 1/4 cup. Perfection! I did add a little more garlic powder but that's me. Cheers

simple and tasty recipe. Much nicer than buying a jar at $9.00 and throwing part of it away .

This is right spot on and this Newf gives it two solid thumbs up!!  Slap it on donairs, make donair pizzas and use it for dip... SOME GOODFull can, 1 tsp garlic powder, 1/2 white vinegar... That way you use up the can 😀Those who are adding stuff like jalapeno, smoked paprika and such... Whadda ya gettin' on wit?!?   Just post recipes of sauces, but that isn't east coast donair sauce.  This IS!  Long live Greco 🥳

Friggin' amazing!!!  Makes me want to drive 16 hours from Ontario and go get some Greco garlic fingers to dip in it!Genuinely Maritime!!!

This sauce really does taste right. If you're from NS it will remind you of a greasy slice on pizza corner.However, I think the recipe measurements are incorrect. If you use a standard sized can of sweetened condensed milk it's 300ml. The recipe calls for 2/3 of a cup, which would be about 160 ml. If you intend to use the full can, stick with 1/4 cup of vinegar. I made this mistake by upping it to 1/2 cup of vinegar and it was way too much. The sauce gets better if you let it sit in the fridge overnight.

variations, add onion powder and 1 clove oven roasted garlic. in different take added serrano lime zest and juice and 2 shots tequila. also tried swapping habanero and chipotle for serrano and light brown sugar instead of white. add soy sauce pineapple and jalapeno instead too. another variation add onion powder and swap out kind of vinegar, white wine, Modena aged, champagne vinegar etc. even tried adding saffron and smoked paprika for Spanish take. bled in 50/50 ratio with chimi churi is perfection. 5 spice brown sugar instead of white and plum wine and Chinese! palm vinegar and coconut milk and shredded coconut with tablespoon of Thai green curry, or just one tablespoon miso paste or wasabi. a touch of Greek seasoning or BBQ rub is another path too. Tried all of these, all delicious. Gonna try Zitar seasoning and some garbanzos and lemon juice and zest next.

Quick, easy and delicious

