This works just fine - like anything that involves adding flour to wet ingredients or working with raw flour, you have to let it sit for a bit (I always leave Crepe batter in the fridge for at least a half hour to let the flour do its thing.

If the review says it tasted like flour...they didn't let the batter sit.  This is a nice recipe because it is simple, easy to remember and you can add salt, orange or lemon zet, a bit of sugar or vanilla, some thinly sliced scallions, or what have you depending on what you want to fill the crepe with.

And remember the first Crepe almost always is ruined - don't sweat that. You could add a touch of melted butter to the batter (taking out a bit of the milk) and that will help the stickiness problem.

If I could give this recipe NO stars, I will. I have been cooking recipes from Allrecipes for a  good time and 99.9% of the times they are superb, but, honestly, I did not care for this recipe: in these crepes the edges dryed before the center was cooked (and it remains undercooked no matter what I did) they taste like plain flour and milk: nothing above usual, I'm a good cook and I didn't like the crepes, I did mine perfectly round, thin and every time remains a bit of undercooked batter in the center, plus the flavor is like in every crepes: unflavored, just for add your favorite taste: salt or sweet. (Try the basic crepes recipe by Jen, that's a keeper, and you don't need to suffer making the crepes thin as paper, they cooked through very well. Believe me)

It is so good and smooth

Great basic recipe, I made it like the recipe said, then things I have added some extract one teaspoon dose it and sweetened it with a teaspoon of unprocessed sugar.

So easy and so very good after 1 days rest and even after being frozen 🥶 a few days!! So very good

This is an excellent, easy and flexible base crepe recipe that goes with any type of filling… Each of my family members like them a different way, so the core crepe is perfect without needing to change the batter for each person… Daughter likes with Nutella & strawberries, mother likes with sugar only, husband likes Gruyère & ham, and I like with with Gruyère, turkey & mushrooms… I’ve made them many times and they always come out the same, but the end of the batch is best, so next time I’ll try letting the batter sit 1/2 hour before I start. as one reviewer recommended… Also, I slice all the ingredients thin on a mandoline first and tend to fill them as I go rather than make all the crepes first so they’re hot.

I’ve been making these for years.. in fact these were the only ‘pancakes’ I knew as a child…. Now that I try to avoid gluten I started making them with oat flour and they are just a good… but as others have said, definitely let the batter sit for a while before cooking.

I'm not much of a cook, but, surprise, these crepes were super simple. I got 12 out of this recipe.  Used a non-stick pan, cooked on gas range at medium.  I did not change the recipe, except I followed reviewer advise to let the batter sit for 30 minutes. This recipe is added to my favorites.

Very fast and easy. I added a 1/4 top of vanilla, filled them with chopped fruit and served with syrup.

Made these for my French-Canadian boyfriend, and he said they were just like how his grandma used to make them. The recipe was super simple, and took maybe 3 or 5 minutes for me to whip together before they we're on the pan. I never made crêpes before, and they turned out great! We added real maple syrup afterwards (the stuff from the cans) and it was delicious. Would make again!

I did not get the batter to bubble but G'Kids thought it was great with Nutella.

