After reading the other reviews, I paid close attention to what I did as I made this pie.  I did not measure with great accuracy - just threw everything in a saucpan before I started to mix it all up.  I let it cook for about a minute after it started to boil, and then baked it per the directions.  If did not spill over, or burn. It came out of the oven hot and bubbling, and semi-firm. It set as it cooled...and was fantastic!!!  Incredibly rich and sweet.

Unbelievably easy to make. I liked this simple pie, it was like a pecan pie without the pecans, and not as sweet. But still good.

I have done this recipe so many times. It’s that good. The person who made it runny obviously  didn’t make it right.

Horrible. Did Everything as directed and pie didn't set. Runny

I made  a mistake in my pervious review for this recipe and this website won't let me edit my review, so I'm pasting it again, correction made:  I made this vegan by substituting with evaporated coconut milk and vegan butter. I also don’t care for traditional pie crust, so I made vanilla wafer crust. It is a very good, very simple tasting pie. Most reviews note how sweet it is but I think a better word to describe it is rich. It’s sweet, yes, but also creamy and dense, a relative to caramel. It’s because of this that I probably won’t make it again…I just think my family wouldn’t appreciate it or eat more than a tiny wedge.

Easy and just like I remembered growing up in my grandmas kitchen. I coarsely chopped some pecans into filling.

It's in the over now, but taste test from spoon sys, "terrific"!
Super easy to make

The sweet taste of the brown sugar sweet is very very good! The pie is delicious. Despite that, it took a long time to bake. 25 min? Not even close! I guess it's because i used the unbaked pie crust Iv from here(https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12492/pie-crust-iv/). I put my oven according to the recommendations. Then, i kept the pie baking for more 25 minutes on the recommended degrees. Then, more 30 minutes... then I noticed the pie crust still wasn't brown, it was white. Just after baking for a long time, i put the oven on 220 C. After a while (more 20 minutes), the pie crust finally got brown. The final result was a hard crust, a bit flavorless, but at least it covered the whole pie

Followed the directions exactly.  It was so chewy and caramel like, it was unpleasant to eat.

Followed instructions, I did have my burner on high. Thoroughly shake the milk for a few minutes, bring to a rapid boil STIRRING and SCRAPING CONTINUOUSLY for a couple minutes, I baked at 400 for 5 minutes then 350 for 25. ‘‘Tis PERFECTION!!!!! So I made another immediately as my Dad is the one who requested this.

I have now made this recipe 4 times. It's a favorite at our house. I make it every holiday

