To all those poutine purists out there, COME ON!  It's fries, gravy, and cheese!  I mean it's not even really a recipe.  That said, this is a pretty good one.

Original Quebec poutine is made with white cheddar cheese curds.  Although I prefer the beef gravy described here, there is also poutine gravy which I believe is a thinner chicken gravy.

On top of making my own fries, I would make the gravy myself instead of buying a can or powder version. You can find the recipe for poutine sauce under Beef Veloute sauce. Add fried onions and ground beef to the sauce and you got yourself a Bourguignonne Poutine. There are many variants to poutine to try beside the basic version.

No matter how someone tries to bastardize the recipe, or the pronunciation, this is as close to the real dish as possible.The proper pronunciation is not "pooh-teen" as most think it is, either.  The word is French and is pronounced as "pooh-tin".For the record - if you don't use cheese curds, you are not eating poutine, you are eating cheesy fries.  The curds should be warm from the gravy but don't really melt.  The original was Quebec farmer's cheese and the curds squeak when you bite into them.

it was so good everyone should try it.

I adore poutine. Had a lot all over Montreal. Best (so sad I can’t remember the name of the place 😩) had extra, extra crisp fries so really held up to to the super rich, hot gravy and melty cheese curds.So sad none near me now😩😩😩😩😩

Excellent! A piece of artwork!

I love poutine!  I normally do gravy on bottom of pan and layer fries and cheese then more gravy fries and cheese.  Make sure your gravy is good and hot.  Generally I will put the pan under the broiler for a minute or two to get the cheese curds good and melted and and DE-LI-CIOUS!

Canned gravy isn't the best, in my opinion.  The gravy packets have better flavour.  But if you really want to take it up a notch, use the ready to eat roast beef in gravy.  I use the one from Costco.   Crisp your fries in the airfryer.   Top with curds....or Mozzarella if you can't find curds, and the top with the hot shredded roast beef with gravy.  Didn't have curds or Mozzarella in the pic so just used shredded Cheddar.    It's so bad for you, but soooo darn good!

It was delicious

So good

Made it the "right" way the first time though used low-moisture mozzarella (could have made cheese curds but nah), then made a variant using a medium heat bbq sauce instead of the gravy. Obviously not the healthy option....but so good.

