I made this recipe but added a can of NACHO CHEESE and whipped the nacho cheese together with my cream cheese. A real winner at my party. I browned the ground beef and added the salsa in with the beef mixture. I topped it off with shredded cheddar jack and baked as directed!!! A real winning dip for any occasion.

This was just OK for us.   Nothing terrible but nothing to write home about either.  It is a quick and easy recipe but I didn't like the distinct layers - the cheese on the top was hard to 'dip'.  All mixed up was much easier to eat although it didn't look great.

I read the comments and used some of the suggestions and added some of my own, it turned out great!For the base I used some leftovers, cheese sauce, velveeta & 4-5 oz's of cream cheese. I melted them together then diced with some jalapeno.For the meat sauce I used ½ cup of water w/ taco seasoning & cooked it with diced red onion, 2 x cloves of garlic & spiced it with crushed pepper corn & chili and lime. I then drained excess juices returned to a low element and added 4-5 oz’s of additional cream cheese w/ 1 cup strained salsa.I then layered with another cup of drained salsa. Next layer was 500ml sour cream then added Tex Mex and topped with 250 ml’s of queso. This kept the cheddar from hardening.Topped it all with suggested diced peppers and green onion but this could be expanded on with personal likings. Olives, cilantro, lettuce, etc.

We make this often. I brown the meat and add taco seasoning (using about a half cup of water since there is a lot of liquid in the salsa already), then turn the burner way down and add chunks of cream cheese in with the taco mix/meat and stir until it melts in together. This is the bottom layer. On top of that I add a 500 ml container of sour cream, then salsa to cover. The last layer is shredded taco mix cheese, but as in other ratings, if you add too much you can't scoop it without using a spoon.  We also add sliced green onion and small chopped red, green, yellow and orange peppers. This is also really good if, after you bake it, let it cool, put the pan in the freezer for about 45 minutes and then cut it into squares and into small containers - that way you will have small dishes of dip you can pop in the microwave to heat up for a snack.

We love love love this recipeSimple but taste amazing … did exactly like recipe said and it turned out AMAZING

I took Baking Mama’s advice and I mixed the cream cheese into the meat mix. Added the salsa and cheese and baked it up.   I fried the beef in an oven safe skillet so I only had one pan to wash.  I also only added 2/3 C of water as that’s that the taco pack called for.  
Tasty and hit the spot. Really good hot and room temperature.

IT'S A KEEPER!!! TOTALLY EASY TO MAKE AND DELICIOUS !!!

This is the same recipe my husband's grandmother makes for Christmas Eve every year! I made this for the first time myself last Saturday for a Football party and it was a hit! I even have it in the oven again as I type this review :) 

The only thing I do different is add my seasonings of Goya, garlic and onion powder,  and a little black pepper while I brown the ground beef with a chopped onion and a tsp. of minced garlic. Absolutely delicious!

I had leftovers from taco night which was the night before. I didn't feel like cooking so this night turned into leftover night. I had a little less meat than the recipe called for so I only used 2/3 of cream cheese. I reheated the taco meat, mixed in the cream cheese and a bit of spicy taco sauce (until smooth), layered with nacho cheese, Mexican corn and shredded Colby jack. Then heated in the oven as directed. Finally I topped it off with salsa, dice avocado and shredded lettuce. I served it as meal with fresh chips (nothin more than fried corn tortillas cut into triangles). My 6 yr is a picky eater when it comes to new things and he devoured it.

Delicious!  The only thing I did differently was add  extra cheese on top.  I won't do it again.  Too much cheese causes  the chips break when trying to scoop. 
This was an excellent recipe!  I never thought to add cream cheese on the bottom of the pan.  It brought an excellent depth of flavor.

this was really good and i would make it again

