I was tired of tossing overripe bananas so I came on this site looking for a good recipe for banana bread. This one sounded easy & I really like the idea of the browned butter. That was last  night, thank God I had more bananas because we finished the loaf and I am now waiting for another to finish baking! The browning of the butter is essential...it smells so heavenly and tastes delicious... do NOT skip this step! The only thing I did differently is that I buttered my loaf pan and sprinkled cinnamon/sugar on the bottom and sides, makes it a little sweeter and gave it a little "crunch" on the ends. Thanks for a fantastic recipe.... I can hardly wait til the bananas over ripen again!

The difference people are experiencing may be due to amount of banana.  Give me a cup measure of bananas rather than 3 bananas.   Size of bananas varies too much to make a consistent product.

Very good, only thing I changed was used 1/2 oatmeal and 1/2 flour. I added pecans also. really moist and brown butter make everything amazing.

My first zero rating ever.   Lots of butter discarded  and no one liked it.

I like the browned butter knowing how it adds to praline pecans.  Chopped pecans would be a great idea, but where I am I was only able to find blocks of pitted dates, which chopped up added a lot to it.  Also we used purecane sweetener to not use sugar, and added treacle molasses to give the brown-sugar effect.  I found I tasted baking soda and it could use more moisture so I agree with others that sour cream would have been a wise thing to add.  And for banana purists, avoid nutmeg and even possibly cinnamon because it became a spice cake not a banana bread.

I’m keeping my old banana nut bread recipe, I’m sorry but this was the worst tasting banana bread I have ever ate

I love browning the butter. I added a 1/2 cup of applesauce. Cinnamon applesauce, the batter needs it. You could add apple juice or pineapple juice. Or a small can of crushed pineapple with juice. 😃

I found this recipe several years ago and decided to give it a try. I made it as written to include the optional cinnamon and nutmeg. I did add chopped pecans as a personal preference. It is delicious and I threw away my old recipe for banana bread. I have made this recipe at least a dozen times. Browning the butter is key, take your time because you want those brown bits

The difference people are experiencing may be due to amount of banana.  Give me a cup measure of bananas rather than 3 bananas.   Size of bananas varies too much to make a consistent product.

Everyone loved it! I am no longer allowed to make regular banana bread. It now has to be browned butter banana bread!

Very dry and not a lot of flavor. Definitely needs more moisture in the batter.

