I submitted this recipe and I just wanted to make a clarification.  You want to use Salt Beef or Salt Pork riblets (they are brine cured and can be purchased in pails).  Corned beef is a completely different product, with spices and a different taste.  Allrecipes changed the recipe when I submitted it, they probably thought it was the same thing and it isn't.  Also, it's probably best to keep the potatoes whole, or halved of they're large otherwise they'll end up boiling away to nothing.  Happy eating!

didn't care for this at all.

It tastes exactly how it looks.

We did not enjoy this too much.  The dumpling was dry and lacking flavor, the yellow peas were just okay.  The vegetables and corned beef were good-but basic.  Will not make again. :/

Best meal ever!  I only do this at Christmas when I also cook a turkey (slow roasted overnight in the oven) with Newfie dressing - not stuffing.  They are two different things.  I agree with previous reviews - keep the liquor water (or broth as mainlanders would call it) to flavor your gravy.  I don't dumplings, but add parsnip for my mom and brother.  Even my daughter who was born on the mainland has official declared she's a "Salt Beef Junkie" (is a song from Newfoundland and she loves her salt beef...as do I).  I soak the beef for about 2 hours before cooking it, and soak the split peas in the same pot as the beef.

using corned beef , you would have a New england boiled dinner .
This recipe would require Salt Beef to make a Traditional Newfoundland Jiggs Dinner

I use green split peas in a pudding bag instead of the yellow ones and  add parsnips

I'm glad I used the salt beef, as I know that is what is used in Newfoundland.  It turned out perfectly.  Thank you for the recipe.

Best Sunday dinner ever. We only have it on special occasions now but I don't know a Newfie who doesn't love a good feed of Jigg's...and hash the next day from the leftovers is almost better.

Great. Comfort food.

there were people from Newfoundland visiting a friend of mine in Irricana, Alberta, Canada.  They invited a number of us up to their house for a Jigg's Dinner, which none of us Albertans had heard of.  Well to tell you, that was one of the best meals I have ever had.  We didn't have the dumplings but the peas pudding was out of this world as was the way the meat and vegetables were good.  Looking forward to having another one.

