This smelled so good while baking! You know it's good when your picky 13 yr old boy tells you it's the best chicken he's ever had!! I used 6 bone-in/skin-on thighs. I rendered the fat off the skin in a skillet before baking, as I didn't want all the fat in the pan.(add the thighs skin side down in a cold skillet, turned to medium heat and cooked for 5 minutes until the skin was brown and the pan is filled with fat) I only used one Tablespoon of Greek seasoning for all the other herbs called for as I thought 6 Tablespoons would be way too much! 1 tsp. of pepper, a tsp. of garlic powder and the zest of a lemon. This cooked up in 40 minutes total. My store had no fresh green beans so I left them out this time, and served it with Greek salad, pita bread and tzatziki sauce! Yum! :)

Not really a review, but more of an observation— the recipe says to take the temp near the bone, but that is not good practice. It needs to read 165 in the thickest part of the meat AWAY from the bone.

I used lemon pepper seasoning instead of lemon and herb, and serve with tzatziki sauce. Cookie sheet, cutting board, and a large bowl is all you need. I cut my potatoes in half so I guess if you elected not to do that, then you don’t even need a cutting board. Great recipe, certified banger.

Easy and delicious!

I couldn’t find anything larger than legs and they were 4 at about 1.9 lbs. which was just right for two people. 6 oz of green beans and 12 oz of potatoes. I cut five minutes off of each cooking cycle except I let the beans go full time. I couldn’t find “lemon herb” spice but did find Bragg organic 24 herbs and spices which does have lemon. I cut every spice measurement in half but still used 1/2 c oil. I certainly would keep my rack in the middle of the oven. Everything worked out great and I’ll definitely be doing this again.

OK, first EVO burnt at 425 F in my oven. And yes thermostat works and temp was checked with wireless thermostat. So it had nasty burnt flavor. Second, the oil burnt the oregano and basil. So double nasty flavors. Third 15 minutes for green beans was to much as they were tough.  I am persuaded and will try 375 F and add time next time to try and get a more desirable out come. Also the addition of some chicken stock might enhance the flavor as well. Let you know.

One of my family favorites! Absolutely delicious and so different. String beans alone are to die for!

I am raising my somewhat picky granddaughter. Though I’ve only made this once. I messed up and forgot the potatoes and I was not smart enough to cook the beans long enough either but she love the chicken but didn’t like the green beans next time. I will do it better remembering the potatoes and fixing the green beans the right way also, it was a fairly easy recipe to follow but I was exhausted at the time and messed up on those few things. We’ll have to make this on the weekend when I have more time and I’ve gotten some rest lol. Oh, and I liked it very much myself, by the way

Super easy and incredibly delicious ! Made it without any ingredient modifications and it came out full of flavor and perfectly cooked.

Even my picky 3 year old loved it! The tzatziki was an added burst of flavour! Delish

Pretty tasty, cook time was just right, oil amount was good. I made the mistake of mixing the oil salt and spices in a measuring cup and the salt settled on the bottom instead of blending in.Also added carrots and rosemary

