Excellent!
  I made the following changes for the fry bread, for 2 C of all purpose flower, 1 tsp salt, 1 tsp sugar, 2 tsp baking powder to 1/2 cup of water and half cup of milk [the milk and water I microwaved to lukewarm]. This produces a wet dough that you will need to flour your hands, rolling pin and table in order to roll out. this will make about 4 fry breads approximately 8 inches across. Everybody loved them and everyone was satisfied with just one bread loaded up with browned hamburger spiced up with salt, pepper, dark chili powder, dried onion, garlic, and taco seasoning. We used Rotel onion and peppers, refried beans, cheese of course, hot sauce and sour cream to complete the meal. My grandson is learning how to cook and this was a meal that we made together for the family.

Not impressed although I was real excited to try it. The bread was so sticky and very hard to fry. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad if you just put mixture in a flour tortilla or on a bed of Fritos.

I eyeballed it but I added a touch more baking powder and sugar. Also see a lot of comments about it being too dense but pro tip, most bakers leave a bit of flour out to adjust for moisture. Flours moisture is effected by the weather and I don't want to get too much into bakers math but do leave out 1/4 cup of flour and work it in after you blend everything else together. It came together great. I also went free style with the seasoning in the meat and it was amazing.

i used spring greens & ground bison instead of iceberg lettuce / ground beef ... loved every bite

I love the recipe and the only thing I left out was the kidney beans

Wouldnt let me add the photo but it turned out amazing I only needed like 2 1/2 cups of water though not 4 ! I made it for 16 people

It was amazing delicious!!!!!

As someone who is used to eating authentic Indian tacos I have to say I was a little disappointed in how my fry bread dough turned out. I followed the instructions to a T but quickly realized that I needed to not use all the water and a little more flour. My fiancee is native American and was not shy in telling me that this is nothing like traditional fry bread other than that the whole family loved it and said it tasted good.

Moisture is way off. You basically end up with pancake batter if you follow as is

Yuuuuummmmm!!! Will be making this again, thank you!

Tasty and filling.  This is a recipe I will make again.

