Great recipe! I had everything in my fridge, which is always a plus! I did think the spices were a bit much, so I cut them all down by a 1/3. To keep the chicken moist, used a 9x9 inch pan so the sauce covered more of the chicken and I also baked it covered with foil. My husband loved it!

I have to say 1 tablespoon of chili powder is waaaay to much. Next time I will put 1 teaspoon. It tasted like pure chili sauce. I might try this again but would def. not use that much chili powder. BF is not picky and he thought it tasted like chili. I usually only try something if it's had at least 100 reviews now I know why. I'm sure the recipe would be great otherwise.

The whole family loved it! I wouldn't change a thing. They're already asking when we can have it again!

I appreciate the simplicity of just dumping everything on the chicken and baking, but this was just an odd combination of flavors. I also found the sauce too sweet. If I were to make this again, I'd definitely omit the maple syrup and reduce the chili powder and mustard powder (caused the sauce to be slightly bitter).  Chicken breasts also don't take 40 minutes to bake. Mine were rather large, about 10 oz, and I pounded them down to an even thickness of 1.25". They were plenty done at 25 minutes.  I didn't even bother thickening the sauce at the end since I didn't care for the flavor, and just scraped some of it off before serving.

I followed the tips. I used a 9x9 pan. I cut the spices in half. I would also recommend 1/2 c. Water to cornstarch so it thickens quicker. You will also want to season your chicken before cooking with sauce for extra flavor. You can use chicken or pork for this. It’s easy and most ingredients are on hand. I used white wine. I love that I could pop this in the oven and do something else for 40 minutes. It’s a keeper!

Great recipe but corn starch slurry was 1 tbsp plus 1/4 cup of water.  I really reduced the sauce on the stove so this became nice and sticky.

Was very yummy but a bit too heavy in the spices. I did less of the peppers.
Sauce wasn’t quite thick enough but flavor was very nice. Probably will try in the crockpot next time instead.

I made it for two, my husband and I. Only thing I did was shred the chicken. Only so my husband can heated up again later during his lunch at work.

Yummy, rainy so made in oven. Look forward to trying grilled!

I omitted the maple syrup and forgot to add chili powder. It was delicious without either of those!

The sauce needed no thickening in my opinion. I also skipped the mustard and cumin and still thought it tasted great!

