These were delicious. Here's a tip for beginners. Don't add the egg to the saucepan...if it's too warm the egg will CURDLE. My mom told me to slowly beat about half of the chocolate mixture into the egg, a little at a time, so that it won't curdle from the heat. Hope this helps, thanks for the great recipe, I will make again for sure!

NEVER microwave your chocolate - it makes it crack during cutting!
I prefer to double the icing and double the chocolate topping. I garnished my bars with fresh cranberries to add a pop of edible colour - place one whole berry in the centre before placing the pan in the fridge and it will set nicely. Also, I usually end up cracking the chocolate when I cut into squares anyway, so I use muffin tins!

The end result was delicious, but I think a few things are off in this recipe. First, my custard layer was basically buttercream--didn't taste anything like custard. Second, I think the amount of butter in the topping needs to be 2 TABLEspoons, not teaspoons. My top layer wasn't spreadable at all--I ended up with globs that sort of mixed with the custard layer.

Delicious!!!  Had never heard of these here in Australia, until I came across some Canadian ladies talking about them online in a chatroom.  Found this recipe, just finished making them & I would like to know where these have been hiding all my life??  Very simple to make!  Thank you!!

Wonderful, been making these for years!  Never disappoints

Take heed of these notes I found in others' reviews:  Temper your egg, do not put it into the melted chocolate. I took half of the chocolate out, cooled it, mixed it with the egg slowly, returned it to the pan.  Also, double the amount of chocolate for the topping.  Excellent dessert!

I didn't change a single thing in this recipe and my teenager & his friends call it 'Mom Sorcery'; in fact it is his birthday 'cake' this year. I did take the advice of mixing the chocolate into the egg to avoid curdling because why risk it, right? ☆☆☆☆☆

I been making these bars for years. Always a hit. My American friends love them.

Omg best ever!!!!

It was delicious! The only change I made was to double the chocolate topping (I also used semi-sweet mini chips). It was wonderful!

Super easy to follow recipe. I used 9x9" pan and omitted almonds from the bottom layer. After pressing in graham cracker crust I added 1/2 cup quartered pecans. I used custard powder from flan pudding box and spread it on top, then cooled it. For the chocolate top I used 16 Hershey's hot cocoa kisses. Melted them as directed and poured on top of custard. Outrageously delicious! Thanks!

