10 Star!!!  I make these every day in my cafe for customers who can't get enough of them.  Here are some tips to make them AMAZING!  I like my squares to have a "crispy" texture rather than dry and loose, so I use a full 1 cup of BUTTER.  I then melt it in the microwave until it is just past the really mushy stage.  some will actually be melted completely. Remember, if your mix is dry in the bowl, it will be dry on your date squares!  Mix the dry ingredients with the butter as instructed.  However, after placing half the mixture in your pan, bake it for 15 minutes or until golden brown!  This makes them easy to cut and they hold together much better than regular bars.  No need to dice the dates, but do have a "squeeze" of each one quick to ensure there aren't any pits in them!  Dates are sweet already.  So if you just want to taste the dates, omit the brown sugar that is called for in the date mixture.  Just add your water and lemon juice.  Remove your pan from the oven and you can spread your dates over top right away.  Crumble the rest of your mixture over top making sure your entire mixture is mixed with the butter really well.  Bake until a golden brown.   THESE FREEZE PERFECTLY!  I wrap 6 in plastic wrap really well and use within a week so I'm not sure how long you can leave them in the freezer for.  Lastly, DOUBLE THE RECIPE!  Put it in a 9x13 or 10x14 pan and share with your friends.  This is an awesome recipe!!!  Thanks so much Michelle.

We didn't care for these even though we love dates. There was WAY too much crumb mixture. I could have used half for the crust and the crumb top. The filling was boring and the whole bar was very crumbly. I was going to throw them out, but my husband said that he would eat them if he go desperate. Sorry....

This is just like my Canadian grandmother used to make us! Very flavorful and delicious

This is my favorite date square recipe. Everybody loves them and I find them simple to make and delicious!  This time I made them following the tips from lorrie ( most helpful positive review).  All she suggested was Xtra butter and cook base 15 min before adding date mixture...OMG! What a difference, they were great before now thier amazing!!!!  Thanks Michelle & lorrie

Very good.

Delicious!  I had only 9.5 ounces of dates and slightly under the brown sugar amount (so I put less in the date mixture).  Turned out great.  My husband is on a low sodium meal plan and he was able to eat these too.  Win, win.

I make these squares often...every Christmas platter or work pot luck that comes along.  People ALWAYS ask me for the recipe, and ask me specifically to bring these to events.  The most delicious date squares.  I always add vanilla to the date mixture as well as lemon juice.  I've also used lime juice in a pinch, just as tasty.

Wonderful!! I added a bit of freshly ground nutmeg but that was the only change. They freeze really well, too. Thanks for the recipe!

The taste is great I ,add a double batch and used 2 8by12 inch pans!  I did a more date filling as well. But they are awesome!

Awesome and super delicious! I modified a bit:- added vanilla extract while the dates were reducing- added molasses to the oat crumble for some extra richnessOh. My. Addicted. This is officially the beginning of a problem I’ll need to address in a while when my pants no longer fit.So delicious.

This recipe is a keeper. My first time making date squares.I use only 1/3 cup Splenda blend (not 1 1/3 cup, as too sweet for us old folks ) and I only had a cup of flour left so I made up the half cup with oats in the blender.

