Thank you Dash!!!! I'm from Nova Scotia and I CRAVE these things. This recipe is a great recipe for donair meat ~ the sauce is bang-on, as well. For the reviewers who may be unsure of what to do with the sauce and meat:
1) Fry a pita in a small amount of oil to soften it (I just put mine in the microwave for a few seconds ~ it's just to make the pita pliable to wrap around the fillings), fry the donair meat in same pan to warm it, and then fold the pita around the donair meat, sauce and chopped tomatoes and onions for toppings. (I've also had them with mozzarella cheese melted in them ~ mmmmmmmmm).
2) Meat and sauce make great oven-baked subs (same topping suggestions).
3) Donair Pizzas ~ sauce, meat and whatever toppings strike your fancy, mozzarella cheese.
4) The famous Donair Plate: fries topped with meat, sauce, chopped tomatoes, chopped onions, mozzarella cheese and baked in the oven. (I  order mine without the fries ~ personal preference).
I can't believe donairs haven't really caught out outside eastern Canada ~ these are big business at the pizza shops here....I order donairs way more often than pizza ~ my 13-year-old has been an addict since he was old enough to pick off my plate. :-) Oh, and pizza corner rocks for donairs.

I'm from Oklahoma and I had never heard of donair.  I tried this in pita bread with sharp cheddar cheese, tomato and romaine.  I was not blown away by this recipe.  I found the meat to be dry, first off.  I tried to have an open mind about a milk-sugar-garlic-vinegar sauce (Oklahomans like their milk gravy but this mixture is TOTALLY unexpected..) I guess it's culture shock.  Not something I'll make again.

Funny to see peeps from the states who have never been to Halifax or eaten at [insert first name here + 's Lunch] Maybe they have never experienced the ultimate joy of ordering a donair pizza at 1am while sipping on wobbly pops as I have in my last visit to Yarmouth :P

awesome. Being a native Bluenoset living in the USA I could never find a good donair.Use a thermometer and it wont be dry. Follow drogums review for how to get a nice thick sauce. Recipe is exactly how  us Halagonuans like their donairs.A big shoutout for this recipe.

My first batch was a great hit at a family get together.  Made a second batch.  Great results.  I bake it till internal temp is about 160f then chill overnight.  I do a very quick reheat on my BBQ and a very tasty meal.  I sometimes damp down the flavour and make hamburgers.    I usually make about 10 lbs at a time now and then slice and freeze.  Makes great quick meals.  Also makes a great donair pizza..

So good! And surprisingly easy. My sauce was a little too runny though but still tasted wonderful. Did 2 lbs of beef and doubled the spices, kept the time the same and turned out perfect. Will definitely be making it again! Tasted just as good as you get in a restaurant for a fraction of the cost

I had my doubts about using ground beef to make donair meat but it works great. As a prairie boy I learned to love these while in the navy in Halifax but could never find a good one out west. Now I can make them whenever I want. Super easy as well. Thanks!

Amazing.

I followed recipe but found meat very dry and over cooked. Any suggestions?

I had to make this on a whim as our takeout didn't have the sauce with our donairs. I didn't have evaporated milk so I used coffee creamer. It thickened right up and turned out amazing!

excellent flavorsOnly thing is, I roll the mixture out between layers of plastic wrap.  Freeze and slice, they fry up perfectly!

