I love Pouding Chomeur! The first time I had it was in Toronto, Ontario, Canada at a French restaurant several years ago.  Now that I am in California, did a "Canadian Themed" dinner and this was a perfect dessert. It was creamy, not overly sweet because I didn't add all the sugar to the cake part. Served it with vanilla bean ice cream and berries. Everyone loved the dessert and wanted more. Give it a try as it will not disappoint and it is super easy to make!!

I'm french canadian and this dessert was made at least every other week, because of its simplicity and low cost (she used a mix of brown sugar and water instead of maple sirup and did not use cream or other dairy). 

I compared it to my mom's and hers was better. Truth be told, the cake part was about the same, but she would bake it in a square glass dish (8in x 8in), which allowed all the liquid to be poured onto, which turned this moistened cake into a pudding. 

I highly recommend the use of a dish allowing all the cream/sirup to be poured and baked with the cake.

Does it use the right pan so why do you make the video?

My husband said "It took me back to my childhood"!

Absolument délicieux ! Nothing beats grand-maman’s cooking but this maple syrup pouding chômeur makes hers second best. The batter is perfect. It falls in clumps in the baking dish and spreads beautifully when it bakes. I made this recipe twice with grand succès. Bravo Chef John!

I laughed when the chef/author said it was expensive to make. It was cheap and still is, unless you insist on 2 cups of maple syrup instead of brown sugar or "cassonade" as in the Depression

Batter is much, much too dry.  Resembled cookie dough!

So when I poured the liquid on top of the "dough", it didn't penetrate through, so it took much longer than 30mins to cook.

Needless to say, the pouding turned out closer to a dry bread.  Definitely not fluffy!  Edible, but not a like the description/photos at all.

I made this in an 8" x 8" glass square dish and it was perfect.
I also only made half of the maple/cream mixture and poured all but 1/2 cup into the dish before baking.  It baked fine, without overflowing onto the tray and I heated up the remaining maple/cream mixture and poured a little bit onto each serving along with some whipped cream.  This is dessert is plenty sweet without the extra maple cream mixture.

Very yummy and easy to make!!made 4 mini ramekins and 1 bigger.Changed ingredients for 4 people.Needed more sauce so I used plain maple syrup!!

It came out perfect. Very good recipe. Super easy and I would recommend it.

I loved the textural component added by the maple cream sauce. A true restaurant quality dessert! I'm making it again for my Mom for our Mother's Day brunch!

