This is an excellent recipe, and it works well.    For those who are having trouble, I suspect (but don't know) you have never, or rarely, made candy or fudge.  It takes practice.  The person who ended up with bricks crumbling over-boiled the syrup.    The person who ended up having to use a mixer under-boiled it.    The latter is easily corrected by putting the syrup back on the stove for probably another minute.    The first thing I'd check is the thermometer, if you were using one.  It may be off -- try it in boiling water, as that is something which is consistent in temperature.  If it is off there, then it is off for everything else.  If you are not using a thermometer (it is not needed) the timing and mixing will come with practice.    Try making fudge first -- it is a bit more forgiving.  Also, try leaving out the nuts the first couple of times.  This will allow you to learn the proper consistency of the mix for moulding.

I give this 3 stars because the directions were off, not because of taste. The taste was very good, how can you go wrong with pure maple syrup? Here is what happened. I used just 1 1/2 cups of syrup because that was all I had, but it took no where near 5 minutes of stirring to change color and get creamy, more like 30 seconds. I kept stirring, thinking it this couldn't be the creamy consistenecy the recipe was talking about, since it was no where near 5 minutes. Dopey me, I was left with stiff, unmanageable maple sugar. No way it was going in a mold, I put it in a small rectangular dish hoping to cut it into little cubes to serve. But, when I went to cut it, the whole thing crumbled. Now it is a mess of crumbled maple sugar, although it is very tasty. 
Much of this was my error, I realize, but beware of the stirring time...

It did not harden. I followed instructions exactly. The next morning I poured the still liquid maple syrup on my pancakes.

Being male, I know everything. Being a mechanic, I know everything in SAE and metric. Nobody can do toast, raisin bran or orange juice the way I do. I have learned to make what's available do what's expected. When I saw the comment that ONLY pure maple syrup would work, I said "Hah!" and followed the recipe using Aunt Jemima syrup. The result is a nice, spreadable syrup after 3 hours in the freezer. Good thing I do pancakes and waffles in wholesale quantities. Anybody wanting to know how I survive, write Allrecipes and tell 'em you want a humor column. Have a great weekend! I WILL try this again with PURE syrup~

The candies turned out great! Pro tip: if you stir too long after removing the pan from heat, it'll be impossible to pour it into molds

This candy is delicious!  Took it too a family party and made a lot of people happy!

This turned out perfect! Great recipe. As long as you follow directions to the letter you're good to go. Make sure it's not to humid in your house. This can also effect how candy works ;)

First time I tried it it was perfect.  Only had about a cup of maple syrup and I did add some butter and vanilla, only put nuts on top.  Was great

It was delicious. I decided to leave out the walnuts and put them in the freezer after they cooled to room temperature, so that I could actually get them out of the molds. I used my favorite syrup from Firm Root Farms in Indiana.

I made this using the recipe exactly and it was my first time making any candy. It turned out very, very good. I was very impressed. For the 7 of you that couldn't do it, there are a lot of reasons it may not have worked out for you.Did you test your candy thermometer before starting if it is new? (Test by boiling water and reading thermometer, should read 212°F) Making candy isn't something that you can use the "close enough" standard when it comes to the instructions. This recipe only works with 100% Pure Maple Syrup! Aunt Jamima and other maple Flavored syrups will not work.Anyway, it just bugs the living bejesus out of me when a proven recipe receives 1 or 2 stars because "it didn't work" for the person reviewing, and even worse when they also receive "likes". Sometimes a recipe for something touchy like candy doesn't work because of the smallest error(s).It is so rare the recipe is incorrect that before a 1 or 2 star review is given you should try again and make sure to follow step by step EXACTLY or the recipe isn't likely to work.

it is amazing

