should be very good.  Is similar to the old stand by from my long dead grandmother. I usually add some garlic, bay leaf, and a bit of oregano. sometimes a cube of chicken bouillon.   If you sauté the onions  and other veg before adding the peas, you can reduce the time by using a pressure cooker for 15 minutes after bringing pot up to 15 pounds of pressure (high) for twelve minutes, and allow pressure to reduce slowly.  If the peas are old, you ay need to put pot back on and cook a little longer, but as pot is hot, it wont take long to return to pressure.  All in all, however you make it, nothing beats split pea soup on a cold Canadian winter's day.  tomorrow I hear, should reach a high of minus 27 C. soup will be on the stove or in the pressure cooker to save electricity.

Omit the salt, that is way too much and ham is already very salty. People can add it in their own bowl if they want more. Obviously you need to leave the ham bone in during the entire cooking process or you will not have any substance or flavour to the stock. I needed almost twice as much water to cover my ham bone, my ham was not that big so I'm not sure about the measurements for this recipe, be forewarned. I used 4 cups of yellow peas (the entire bag).  I took my ham bone out after 3 hours, removed what meat was left on it along with the large chunks of ham that had already fallen off. I removed excess fat and roughly chopped and shredded the ham and then returned it to the pot and then added the carrots and let it simmer on low-medium for 45 additional minutes. If you do what the recipe says and add the carrots at the beginning, you risk the soup burning and sticking to the pot because the sugar content in the carrots makes it more likely to stick and burn. Also, diced carrots will nearly disintegrate after cooking for 3 hours. If I had not been paying attention, the soup would have burnt as some peas and carrots had already started sticking to the bottom of the pot even with all of the fat from the ham.  I did not use thyme since I don't like it. I used 1 tsp. of cumin instead and skipped the bay leaf as well. I did not add salt as the ham already had a high salt content. I threw in a small handful of peppercorns and removed most of them at the end. I would not use this

2 TBS of salt? Made it taste like sea water. Try maybe 1/2 tsp salt vs 2 TSP

This is just soooo fine. Other than adding a bit more salt would not change a thing.

Delicious I love it!

I have made this recipe several times and love it. The only thing, because the ham bone is already salty, two tablespoons was too much salt the first time I made it.  I have since only put two teaspoons which is much better for my family’s taste.

I found the recipe very simple to follow.  Such an easy but hearty meal that really warms the innards in the cold Canadian winter.

Great recipe. Didn’t have thyme, used the same amount of marjoram. Excellent. This will be my go to for pea soup. Always use yellow split peas. I didn’t use any salt.

This soup was great and so quick and  easy to make. However like a previous reviewer stated, I would use less salt, one tbsp would have been plenty for me. I also had 3 cups of leftover chicken stock so I used that half and half with the water.

WAY TOO SALTY, Should be 1 or 2 Teaspoons NOT 2 TABLESPOONS. Otherwise was good.

I am Canadian and we have Habitant soup in the can. I had a ham bone from the Holidays and found this recipe. Fantastic.....

