I made this;  the only change I made was to use all lean ground beef (didn't have any ground pork on hand and couldn't wait to make it!). The whole family raved and went back for seconds.  If you are the kind of cook who aggressively salts the water when cooking potatoes, you may want to be careful about how much salt you add to the water in this recipe--you'll be adding that potato cooking water to the meat mixture which already has a good amount of salt in it thanks to the spice mix.  
This was such a hit, I'm making 4 more to freeze to enjoy during the holidays.  Chef John is my hero!

Followed the recipe - far too salty. I will make it again, but adjust the salt.

Delish and flaky.. I added bacon and cheese😅

Excellent recipe!  I am so happy how my pie turned out.  Delicious.   Highly recommended

I found the pie to salty. I think the next time I will only use 1 tsp of salt instead of two. Otherwise it was good but unfortunately I couldn’t get past how salty it was.

Perfection

This tastes AMAZING. It was a challenge.  I made it as directed,  and I don't know why it seemed so difficult.  But it was.  I think a big part of it was that my spice cabinet was in disarray,  and I had a bit of a mental breakdown when I was making the spice mix.  I also would just make a roux instead of using mashed potato to make a bit of a sauce for the pie filling next time (hahaha).

Preface: I've never tasted this pie made by anyone elseI love to cook and French food, so this looked like something to try. It's a bit labor intensive but the results are very good and I am proud of my crust, it was light and flaky! We had to eat quickly so the slices fell apart on the plate but the flavor was great and the maple syrup was delicious! Looking forward to the second day leftovers, too! Likely won't make this again as it wasn't a crowd favorite in my house, but would definitely consider if someone requested it.Aug '23

Excellent recipe and very aromatic and delicious pie.

Way too salty but otherwise pretty spot on! I had accidentally bought Marcho meatloaf mix of veal, pork and beef instead of ground lamb for another recipe, and decided to use it up in this recipe instead. Worked beautifully! I added some finely chopped carrots because I had no celery, and at a local French Canadian diner they do have bits of carrot in theirs. I’ll definitely make it again, but will use half the salt to start and adding extra to taste if needed.

The first time I made it by the recipe.  I love the spices. It gives the meat a whole new flavor. The second time I did not use a crust. I made it more like a shepard's pie. I added mixed vegetables to the meat mixture,  I whipped potatoes and put them on top like a crust. Made an extra cup of gravy using the same spices and a beef boullion cube and and flour or corn starch to make it thicker and poured it over the top of the potatoes before serving. Both ways... wonderful.

