THis is exactly like we have been making in our family for generations~~I used to make this at a complex where I cooked profesionally...always a lovely surprize..people love it :)

Terrible - meringue started on fire.. after 1 minute.. then after removing and baking meringue (nicely browned) custard did not set.  So. Flapper soup. Pass.

I did not follow the recipe completely. I did follow the graham cracker crust but would cut back on the butter as it pooled after baking and had to soak it up.For the filling, I used half and half instead of milk, 1/3 cup cornstarch and cooked it on a double broiler. I mixed the sugar and cornstarch with the half and half from the start. Once hot, I mixed a little bit with the egg yolk and vanilla and then added to the pot. Stirring constantly until it thickened. Then I poured into the graham cracker pie crust. I refrigerated for about an hour before starting to make the meringue.For the meringue, I used the recipe from this link instead but of course modified the ratios as I only had 3 egg whites.   https://www.simplyrecipes.com/recipes/pavlova/  I did pipe it onto the custard filling and sprinkle the extra graham cracker crust bits on top. I did broil in the oven but had the rack 3 from the top. I only left in the oven for less than a minute as the tops were getting dark. So you have to watch every second it is in the oven and pull out immediately when it starts to darken the tops.

I made a few changes and this turned out quite well. 

1. Omitted the cinnamon from the crust. I also used brown demerra sugar instead of white sugar. Yummy! The carmelized crust pairs beautifully with the vanilla custard.
2. Change out one of the cups of milk for 35% cream. It's much richer 
3. Use quality (real) vanilla. Double the quantity listed. If you can, scrape a real vanilla bean into the custard! Quality vanilla can make a HUGE difference!
4. Cook out the filling until it's set, like a vanilla pudding. Then pass it through a sieve before adding it to the pie crust. You'll always end up with a few gnarly but you'll want to strain out.  It's worth the extra step. 
5. Don't broil the pie. Good lord. Cook your pie around 375 for 15 minutes. Broil will char the top and the middle won't set.

Crust was too hard.  I think there is too butter in the crust. Probably should have chilled the crust before adding the filling. Filling did not set properly. Looked pretty but could not get it out of the pie plate. The crust was probably cooked to long at 8 minutes.

I ate this all the time as a child and was so happy to find the recipe on here. Delicious.

This is a lovely pie and was a Listener favorite during the Roaring 20's month on our baking podcast, Preheated. Neither of us had graham crackers, so we subbed Lotus Biscoff cookies and rich tea biscuits - either works great! Easy to make and eat.

Delicious

I used a 10 inch pie plate - smallest I have - and I had some filling left over.  And  have NEVER heard of broiling a merengue ( no wonder people had issues with it burning ) so I just baked it as I have always done with them.  Perfect results as usual.

Terrible - meringue started on fire.. after 1 minute.. then after removing and baking meringue (nicely browned) custard did not set.  So. Flapper soup. Pass.

Slightly less cinnamon, and it was perfect! Let it cool in the fridge overnight and it was magnificent the next day

