I give a 4 star but with some modifications.  In my area of Nova Scotia, the key ingredients are new potatoes, fresh green and yellow beans, and new/baby carrots.  It is called hodge podge because you can put an assortment of veggies in it.  I always add brocolli and cauliflour, sometimes zucchini, or any other fresh veggie that strikes your fancy.  For added flavour I cook the veggies in chicken or turkey stock, with added water if necessary. Barely cover the veggies with the stock/water, and start with the veggies that take the longest to cook first and adding the quick cookers like the beans last which essentially steam on top of the broth.  The vegetables should be tender crisp and I would think the times in the receipe would overcook the veggies.  Real cream and butter makes the meal decadent but skimmed evaporated milk can be used too if trying to cut back on fat & calories (and costs). There is no need to thicken with flour.  The consistency is like a thin chowder as opposed to a thickened sauce or soup.  Some people like to add corned beef or cooked ham from a boiled dinner to it to make it an even heartier meal.  Whatever version you try, enjoy!!

This passes for a nice stew. Real hodge podge is not made in the fall but summer when the vegetables are fresh from the garden. There is no use of flour or turnip in hodge podge, fresh peas from the pods are a must and cream is not optional.

Picked the veggies feom the garden today and added peas. Substituted butter for bacon fat... because, well, bacon :)

As a Nova Scotian I feel compelled to weigh in. Hodge Podge does not typically have turnip. Also generally the hard root veggies (new potatoes and baby carrots) are boiled first till they are about 1/2 done. Then add fresh peas, green and wax beans (and or royal beans) and boil till almost done - with just a hint of crunch left to them. Add cream or milk and a bit of butter, salt and pepper and you're done. This is a nice enough recipe as described but it differs a bit from traditional NS Hodge Podge.

No,

I learned how to make this while in Nova Scotia. This recipe is a bit thinner than what was taught to me. But its still amazing!

This turned out so good! We did make a few changes like adding garlic, pepper, and onion powder. We also added in broccoli just because we had it in the fridge and needed to use it up!

Didn't have any turnips to put in, would definitely make it again.

Ambrosia ~ the aroma of the fresh veggies. There is a short window of time ( on the West Coast) that I can get all the baby fresh veggies at the same time.  I took out the browned bits of meat and added the flour to the bacon grease; stirred until cooked and slowly added the cream, for a tastier cream sauce.  I omitted the turnip and used cauliflower.

A note for a couple of users, one in the UK, who are unfamiliar with ‘waxed beans.’ These are simply what many call ‘yellow beans’, almost identical to green stringbeans except for colour and a subtle taste difference.

I love this dish and as a Maritimer look forward to it every summer when the fresh veggies are coming good in the garden.  We have never added meat or flour to this dish, altho' I'm sure you could.  It has always consisted of new potatoes, green & yellow beans, garden peas, onion, baby carrots, butter and cream.  I have done this dish with plain 2% milk and it is good that way as well but of course the cream is better.  Maritime tradition!!  Enjoy!

