I too have not lived in Halifax for 6 years now, but managed to find a donair recipe a couple years back.  This recipe is good, but try this for improvement; for the meat add a teaspoon of oregano, for the sauce use 2 tablespoons of vinegar and also add 1/2 teaspoon of garlic powder.  Don't use a jar...add the vinegar last and quickly and don't stir too much, this will make it thicker.
No this is not pizza corner, but my is it a good fix :)

firstly u should never use low fat canned milk, always use whole can milk. never mix the sauce in a plastic bowl, it wont set up. the ingredients listed are good but it is missing the most important one (ground oregano).per pound of ground beef u should use 1 tsp. also when making this recipe italian seasoning is needed, .5 tsp. per 1 lb. as far as the sauce goes try 1 can milk
3/4 cup sugar,2tsp. garlic powder mix this well,then add between 4-6tsp. white vinegar.
mix the vinegar in slowly it will make 4 thicker sauce.i find that u need a bit of fat in the meat 4 the spices 2 fully spread out therefore medium works better

I had a Donair for the first time while in St. John, NB recently. I made this recipe as written and it came out beautifully. A winner with my family!

This is a great recipe!  The sauce had too much vinegar for my preference.  Add a little vinegar at a time, to taste.  I used 80/20 ground beef and it only took 1 hour to bake.  I cooled the meatloaf 1 hour, then chilled it in the freezer for an hour or so.  It was easy to get thin slices with a large sharp chef's knife.  I sauteed the sliced meat on a large pancake griddle.  The fat content of the beef made it cook up like bacon.  I normally would not buy 80/20 beef but it worked great in this recipe since you can drain most of the fat when it comes out of the oven.  Thank you for sharing this recipe.

My husband lived near Hallifax for 10 years and introduced me to Donair when we were visiting friends.  This recipe is GREAT, but does need oregano, as noted by other reviewers.  One note on the preparation of the meat:  in order to get the firm consistency needed, I mix everything together, then pick up the whole ball of meat and kind of throw it down into the bowl repeatedly until it becomes very dense and all the fibers of the meat are sort of squished together.  Otherwise, the finished loaf will be crumbly and won't really resemble donair meat.

Wow - something totally new, but yet similar to a gyro.  We loved this recipe.  I made the meat portion of this recipe using 3/4 a pound of ground beef - and added 1/2 t. oregano & 1/2 t. Italian seasoning.  I also opted to use the cayenne pepper.  I mix the meat by hand for about 5 minutes to really have the spices mixed in and to have the meat form without falling apart.  Since I used a lot less meat, I formed into a rectangle and baked at 300° for 45 minutes in a toaster oven.  Once the meat cooled I refrigerated it all day.  I then proceeded with the recipe in the evening.  I purchased homemade pitas from our favorite Greek restaurant to serve this on.  I made 'Maritime Donair Sauce' from AR for the topping.  My family loved the taste of this meat and this meal. It was so simple to make and I like that you need to make it ahead of time so that the meat will slice in thin pieces.  We topped with fresh tomatoes, fresh onion slices and grilled onions.  DS also topped his with some feta cheese and thin slices of lettuce.  'Cranberry Coleslaw' from AR was our side dish tonight.  Thanks, SABMAN for sharing your recipe.  I cannot wait to make this again for my entire family.  I know they are all going to love it!

im from back east and was expecting something a little closer to what i get at home.  wasnt a fav

a family favorite...might add a touch more spices, but this recipe is just fine as is!!

The taste of the meat was good. I used lean ground beef and I won't do that again. It was dry. I also will not add cayenne pepper next time. I used about 1 tsp and it was too "hot". I will make this again with the adjustments as noted!

good but it just needs an hour in oven, not 2

This recipe is great!! I used red wine vinegar in the sauce and added 3 crushed garlic cloves. I made mini patties with the meat and fried them in the pan (rather than cook it for 2 hours in the oven). My husband loved it and I will definitely be making this again.

