This is the traditional way of preparing walleye along with northern pike found in the fresh water lakes in northern Minnesota. My Grandma used to prepare it this way and it truly is the best fried fish!

My husband went fishing last weekend and caught one walleye and three bass. In the past, my parents did most of the cleaning and cooking when we caught fresh fish. For the first time we were on our own and we were excited to learn. I started searching for recipes and I stumbled across this one. It was fairly simple to make and the coating stuck great. Why did I only give it three stars then? Not enough salt in our opinion. Next time we will add more salt and probably add a fish seasoning. I wish I could give it more stars but it really lacked the flavor that I was hoping for. If you love salt, I would recommend adding a lot more. I used a 1/2 teaspoon and you couldn't even taste that.

Excellent! I am a bit more of a seasoning person and added garlic salt and onion powder along with some some Hungarian paprika.  It turned out perfect. I wish I knew how to post a picture from my cell phone as it's a perfect picture of perfect fried fish.

I make this recipe every year when we get walleye. It is the best recipe ever. I have now switched to air frying it in my ninja foodi and I use jalapeño kettle chips instead of crackers. OUT OF THIS WORLD!! Tonight I used cheddar Cheetos, spicy jalapeño chips and jalapeños kettle chips. Delicious!

Another Minnesotan! So I am celiac and really miss fried walleye.  I subbed GF Schar crackers for the gluten crackers, 1-+1 GF flourand I am extremely happy with this recipie!    Light and crispy.  YUMBest one I've found.Thanks for sharing.

Per suggestion of another reviewer, I combined flour mixture and cracker crumbs.  Dipped fish in egg and then covered with flour/cracker mixture.  Otherwise followed recipe exactly.  Amazingly delicate and delicious.

Well this was my first time trying walleye and I had heard it was really good and was not disappointed. I made this recipe using club crackers instead of saltines and lard instead of oil. Hands down it was the best fried fish I've ever had and one of the best fish period. The wife and I are not even big fish eaters but we couldn't stop eating this fried walleye until we were stuffed to the gills! I'm saving this recipe and making any fried fish I ever make again this way!

excellent receipt that goes back to the old country

Have used this recipe many times. Really good.

Easy to make

I have used Lays Original Potato chips instead of crackers, works great, tastes great

