I usually make this soup after I've had a ham cooked.  I use the large bone from the ham and some leftover cubed ham to add to the soup.  Gives it great flavour.

NL Turnip = Rutabaga everywhere else
Soak your peas overnight (and discard the soaking water) to speed up cook time and make the peas less gassy (or "musical" as Nan would say lol)

I  use chicken broth for some of the water, and add some cubed potatoes as another reviewer also said

If the soup is too runny for your liking, mash up some of the peas or some potato and mix it back into the soup, according to your liking

I’ve made this with and without the salt beef, added a tsp of sea salt when I was out of salt beef. Can’t stop eating it once it’s ready! Worth burning your mouth for.

Followed the recipe for the most part. Just added a little of my favourite dried herbs

I'm sure this ones delicious but for those not in the know back home we always  referred to rutabaga as turnip. I for one never knew the difference until about 15 years back when I moved away and was initially confused at the two different root veggies in front of me at the grocery store. for those who are used to what "turnip" looks like it was fairly obvious  but  for those non rock cooks be aware that it will not be the same soup.

Also, don't for get the dough buoys bye!

I love this recipe, only way to make pea soup

I have tried it loved it. We ate our soup with some plain dinner rolls. Awesome

I used this recipe for my first attempt at pea soup.  It was awesome.  I added a little celery and onion and it was fantastic.  My 10 year old told me it was the most amazing pea soup ever.  Quite the compliment.  It was a little runnier than I was used to growing up so the only thing that I will do next time is cut back slightly on the water.  I found a recipe for dumplings on another site and the combination was great.  This is a true Newfie pea soup. Yummy!

I love this homemade Newfoundland pea soup! Only thing is, I'm a newfie living in New York and can't get salt beef here :(  I will have to stick to making this when I'm home!!

Yummy!This recipe is just like my mother's. The only difference is we also add a diced onion and a couple of cubes potatoes. Delicious, and even better on the second day when its nice and thick!

