I am a Maritimer and this is almost identical to my recipe but I mix in 1 tsp of garlic powder to the sugar when making the sauce.  It is important to make sure you add the vinegar 1 Tbsp at a time and mix well so it will thicken.  We had many a donair party while living in Western Canada and got many western friends addicted to our yummmy donairs!

8-24-11:  This turned out much too hot.  Maybe I made a mistake.

Wow this was spicy. I can handle spice but this was overly spicy for what it is. I should have read the reviews before adding in all the cayenne. I made this account to post the review as it was so spicy.

Didn't need many changes  just half the caynne plus garlic in sauce also made the pita bread. I'm  a maritimerReminded me of home!! Also made for many in  Alberta & Mexico

as most have said, I saw the spice mix and adjusted based on experience, pulsed the meat mixture with a panade. sweet sauce was on point, thanks for sharing.

The meat is awesome! I only used 1/4 tsp of cayenne though and I bought the tzatziki sauce.

The seasoning to meat ratio is way too much. I even halved the cayenne and it was still too spicy. It was too salty even with the vegetables and sauce

This was great! Being from the Midwest, never heard of a Donair - and we loved them! Reduced cayenne to 1 tsp - which was perfect for me. Somehow, I misread step 2!??! Which turned into being a happy accident. Instead of simply putting the loaf on the baking sheet, I also rolled it out to 1/4” thickness - which was kinda a sticky process but worked!  The result is that the meat both shrunk but also, crisped up nice so I could skip the pan fry in step 5. I baked for 35 min but if I did again - the same way - I would only cook for 25-30 min. Took the tips from others of adding some garlic powder (agreed!)  to the sauce and a tsp at a time for vinegar. Simpático! Finally, sautéd some sliced red onion and red bell peppers to top the “Midwest-take-on-the-Donair” and make it complete. This was delicious and would absolutely make again! Thanks for sharing this great recipe!!

This worked really good : Note, when you mix the meat roll in hands and slam the meat back in bowl pick it up and repeat, do this at least 20 times. This really compacts the meat and assures it does not crumble when cooked. Cut thinly after it has rested.

I have used this recipe before but have found that the amount of cayenne pepper is to high so time I cut it in half. I also used 1 lb of lean ground beef and one lb of ground Lamb. My butcher is good and will grind them both together. The other thing that is missing from the recipe is the Tomatoes and Onion. Other than those things this is the best recipe outside of Halifax .

I think that there should be 1/2 tsp of cayenne not 2tsp.
I lived in halifax for 9 years and there is no way that donairs were hot. a typo perhaps. couldnt eat them. I will try again with less heat

