This is a classic New England sandwich best served on a regular ol' hot dog bun which I prefer grilled. (Pepperidge Farm is my favorite) I use big, meaty chunks of fresh lobster, no onion or herbs, and just a bit of lemon juice. I could eat this every day--if lobster wasn't so pricey!

Very Plain.  I am from Nova Scotia and I've had lobster rolls many, many times.  The ingredients are perfect but sauted garlic and some regular onion give it a nice flavour.

Used some cucumber too, great base recipe

I am from Connecticut. Any Nutmegger will tell you mayonnaise does not belong anywhere near lobster. Warm it slightly in melted butter and put it on a roll.  You will never eat a lobster roll any other way ever again!

This was sooooo good. Making it again tomorrow. I did a half buttered bun in case I didn't like it.

A great recipe! I will definitely make this again!

2.16.21 The really nice thing about this recipe is that it’s not loaded down with mayonnaise, so you’re able to really enjoy the flavor of the lobster.  Served on a croissant, and it was delicious.

Such great flavors! Loved it!

I used lemon instead of lime juice, like a traditional New England Lobster Roll.  This recipe really let the flavor of the lobster shine through.  Also, buttered the buns and grilled them on the stovetop till golden brown.  Even though we had a couple left over after New Year's Eve, they were not soggy the next day.

Easy and awesome! I tripled the recipe for my two teenage boys and I should have made even more! Absolutely wonderful! Thank you!

I love this recipe!!! it was quick, easy, and delicious. I will be making it again soon. it took me about 5 mins to make it!  I used the imitation lobster  because I read on reviews that alot of people were using it and had really good things to say about it.. and let me tell you they are all true!! It taste good and it's really cheap . I also added imitation crab and cooked shrimp because .. well because, why not!  haha. over all this recipe is definitely one of my favorites .  I was able to feed 8 people with only $10  . Amazing!!

