Wow, and more wow. I only made half, but this has to be one of the best chowders I ever tasted and made. Next time though, I will add more salmon for the simple reason I like salmon.

I made this exactly as the recipe called for.  It is an expensive dish to make here.  I found that you really need to measure the liquids out, as it was too 'liquidy' even after I drained off the water.  The cooking time was a bit too long also.  I love seafood chowder and even though this was good, I've had much better.  Are you sure there's no thickening?  After supper, I did drain off again half the liquid and I'm sure it will be much better now.  I know you saiud your measures are 'approximate' but even so....we had to 'fish' for the seafood in the liquid.  I've also noticed in your picture there is corn, the recipe never called for corn....

It was wonderful, going to make it again next week !

I did the recipe as-is, except for salmon, for which I substituted pre-cooked mussels (they were on sale). It was delicious and a BIG hit at a Rotary Club pot luck.You could substitute most seafood ingredients with another to your taste. I would keep the shredded lobster, however, as it adds a special, but not overpowering, taste and texture. I'm not a real lobster lover, but in this it's perfect. I also added three cloves of garlic, probably could have put in more.If I were doing it again, I'd try adding more vegetables and also experiment with a clear broth.It's expensive, next time I'd just use whatever seafood is on sale.

Easy to make and very tasty. I also put baby clams just for a little extra contrast. I love clams. We make this for Christmas Eve meals before church. Nevers makes it into another meal.

This is the best chowder recipe I’ve come across!  Amazing and delicious!   It’s perfect!

I love this recipe. I've been using it for years. I add bacon to mine  who doesn't like bacon.

This is delicious. The only change I made was adding a couple cloves of garlic and omitting the lobster... since lobster here is crazy expensive.  Even without the lobster it was great! I serve it up in bread bowls

This was delicious! Similar to what we’ve had at the Rope Loft in Chester, NS (This is high praise.)
A very slight modification: Before adding the cream, I drained and saved almost all the broth, added the cream mixture and then added a little broth back in. That way, I was sure it wouldn’t be too watery.

That’s quite a pot of chowder. I cut it in half and still plenty to go around. Per other suggestions and previous experience I did add some finely chopped bacon and some curry powder (I recall my mother doing this back in Nova Scotia and she made deadly chowders). Didn’t have all the fish mentioned but it sounds like a “go with what you have on hand” recipe so wasn’t concerned. It can get pretty expensive if you include everything (especially the lobster).  Great basic chowder recipe.

So, I love seafood. When I found this recipe, I thought it would either be really delicious or really disgusting. It's an expensive bet but I was not disappointed. This soup/stew/chowder is the bomb. Just make sure you drain enough water and put the seafood in order of how long it needs to cook. So good, freezes well, slammin!

