These are delicious, and were enjoyed by everyone. Next time, I would use 2 eggs instead of 3 as I had to add quite a bit more flour. I should note that I used large eggs. I have also made them using 4 cups of white flour and 1 cup of whole wheat. Some family members preferred them that way - just a matter of taste. Thanks for the recipe.

Rolled them out like others suggested, but had a lot of trouble getting the sugar to stick. And no matter how thick they were rolled or the heat of the oil, these were extremely crispy. Just not my cup of tea...

it was so easy to make and tasted the best

I used to work at Beavertails in Ottawa when I was 15. For the reviewer who said she couldn’t get the sugar to stick, at Beavertails we always brush melted butter onto the pastry before dipping it in the pan of cinnamon sugar. There you go! Don’t miss this important step!

It was very good you should try it made it with my mom.

It was amazing

I loved this recipe, thank you for sharing ! 
I used 3 cups white flour and 2 cups whole wheat but did everything else accordingly.
Sprinkled with cinnamon sugar then drizzled some homemade caramel sauce  all over. Très bon !!!
Merci ??

Yummy!

These were delicious! I ended up making my dough (letting it rise) and then sectioning it into 3 balls, wrapping each in saran wrap and freezing them to make later. To defrost, I put them into the fridge the day before to thaw and rolled them out thin and fried them the following day. For toppings, we did nutella with m&m's, and, cinnamon and sugar. Next time I wll spread a little melted butter before sprinkling the cinnamon and sugar to make it stick better. Great recipe!

When I was a kid my Mom would tear off bits of the bread dough and fry them up for us.  We called them Dough Boys.  She use to sort of just pull them into shape and they would have holes in them in places. We had them with butter, cinnamon sugar or icing sugar.  Yummy

made it early, took it camping with us , dough stayed  in a container for 3 days , and it came out perfect. It was a hit with everyone!

