Have been doing them this way for years,  The key is par boiling them until just tender before sauteeing then you can do anything with them.  My family loves them this way and if we happen to have some wild leeks( in our search for the fiddleheads - (here in the Northeast springtime)then by all means throw a few of them in as well.  This dish definitely says "SPRINGTIME" for us here in New England and it is SOOOOO Good.

Meh. This is just a super-normal, super-common list of ingredients for sauteeing vegetables. It's not bad. . . . but the recipe could give more guidance on how to clean and actually cook the fiddleheads. (Common saute ingredients aside.) So I'll keep looking for a newer or more definitive fiddlehead recipe.

I blanched them for less long and sautéed them a little longer at they were phenomenal. Definitely agree with other comments that mentioned you should add the minced garlic a little later than the fiddleheads.

Good basic recipe.  Always a good idea to try something new plain, and then elaborate on future attempts.
Thanks for clearly stating to  cook the fiddleheads in boiling salted water for 10 minutes and then drain , rinse, and saute.
Official VisitMaine website gives reason why boiling in salted water is necessary to prevent food borne illness.  Check it out here - I have lived in New  Hampshire  for 70+ years and can remember collecting them with my grandmother when I was a child.
https://visitmaine.com/quarterly/food-drink/fiddleheads-maines-delicacy

This was fantastic.  I took the reviewers' suggestion & substituted balsamic vinegar for the lemon juice.  My husband, who used to say that he didn't really like fiddleheads, ate a huge helping & loved them.

Delicious and easy.

It tasted very nice, it was nice as a treat but I wouldn’t want it all the time. I knew to cut off the ends but that’s all I knew and this recipe doesn’t give the prep directions.

So tasty!  I love a recipe that enhances the fiddleheads’ flavor.

Recipe is good albeit very basic.

The recipe is great. One review said I don't boil them first. That's fine as long as you keep them in the frying pan for a long, long time. Raw fiddleheads are poison.

Great flavor, great texture. Would definitely make again

