This is a good breakfast recipe but I'm not sure if the presentation is so appealing (minor flaw).  I layer per directions and noticed my top was cooking faster than the bottom.  By the end, the top was beyond done while the bottom was somewhat mushy.  It still had a good taste and the second time I made it, I mixed it all together.  Solidified better and blended well.  I also added sauted green bell peppers, used sharp cheddar cheese, 1 tsp dry mustard, 1 cup of chopped ham and 6 eggs instead of 4.  Second time was a charm.

This is very easy to make, as promised, and is not "bad", but is kind of bland "as is".  I can make the following suggestions:  first, double the amount of eggs stated from 4 to 8.  "Eight is enough!"  (Ok, I'm sorry, that was cheesy.)  :)  Speaking of cheese - use sharp cheddar, more than what she recommends (a cup, also, doesn't appear to be substantial enough) and don't add it until maybe the last 20-25 minutes or so.  If you leave it on the entire time it gets really dry and too crispy, almost burned in places.  You want it to be nice and melty, not dried out.  Thirdly - more is needed to give the dish some oomph.  I would recommend doing any of the following:  tossing in some chopped green pepper to the onion/mushroom mixture, adding some Tabasco sauce to the egg mixture, or topping with pepperjack cheese instead of cheddar (and again - only during the last 20 minutes!).

I made this dish for an Easter brunch with my husband and my parents - all ate their portions, but they all gave me suggestions as to how this could be better the second time around.

I also have to say that using Oscar Meyer pre-cooked bacon saves LOADS of time and doesn't leave your whole house smelling of bacon grease!  My parents also suggested that you could use ground sausage, spicy or non-spicy, or perhaps some cubed ham (as other members have suggested) instead of the bacon.

I hope my suggestions have helped!  Again, this is not a bad recipe, just needs some tweeking.

I’ve made this every Christmas morning since I saw your recipe

A lot of breakfast casseroles end up being really heavy or soggy with cheese sauce, egg mixture, and/or grease, but this one was not heavy at all - quite light. Only adjustments I made: I added cut-up pieces of cooked breakfast sausage links in addition to the cooked bacon, (I cook bacon in the oven though, not a pan,) I doubled the amount of cheese, and served it with sour cream on the side as well - was pretty good.  Like I said, we didn’t feel “gross” after eating this for breakfast on Christmas morning :) I will make it again, but probably with two more eggs, add some extra cheese into the hashbrowns, and will cover it while it bakes for at least the first 30 mins.

I hope people read the reviews before making this because it has major potential but a few flaws. First off, don’t make a mess sautéing bacon. Do it on a rack on a sheet pan in the oven. Sauté veg in butter and olive oil, for much longer than 5 mins. You want the pan to be almost dry.  Cook the water content from the onions and mushrooms and season them with salt, pepper and Italian seasoning. Definitely use 6 eggs, like others suggested here. And use way more than a cup of cheese, adding with 20 mins left to cook. If you put it on from the beginning, it forms a layer of crunchy cheese and doesn’t stay on. Also, at 400 this only needed about 35 mins in the oven to set up. I made it and baked it immediately. Increased cooking time would be needed if baked from the fridge

Waited until the last minute and couldn’t find hash browns, so I used potatoes O’Brien instead. Worked out perfectly. So yummy!

I used 8 eggs, one can of evaporated milk, and a cup of sour cream. Baked at 400 degrees F covered for 45 and took foil off for the last 15 minutes. Voila xo

I made this delicious casserole for Christmas brunch. We loved it!  I baked the bacon in the oven while I was preparing the other ingredients.  Used 6 eggs.  No mushrooms.  Added red pepper.  Used more cheese than it called for.  Mixed everything together and sprinkled some cheese on top.  This recipe is a good base for other breakfast casseroles.  May try a different meat next time.

This is the my second Christmas making this dish.

I spent Christmas Eve day prepping everything for Christmas Day.  This took time to chop the onions and cook the bacon but once that was done everything went quickly.  Christmas morning I put it in the oven and in an hour I was having breakfast.  I thought it was so good that I had 3 helpings.  Will do it again.  It's definitely a 5 stars in my recipe file.

I liked this a lot, although, I would brown the hash browns a bit first.

