Excellent! I am from Chile and I live in USA. I tried this recipe a few days before and It was just like being in Chile, with the difference of snowing outside instead of raining. But it was amazing. Just like being in Chile!. specially becaise I made some with "Chancaca" ! If you are a chilean, you know what I mean!

I am an American Chilean, but my mother came from Chile and she has made sopaipillas all my life and when I have gone to Chile my aunts make us sopaipillas. I especially like them soaked in chancaca. These are nothing like what my mom or my aunts make. Although they are ok to eat "dry", their bread like texture is NOT good for soaking them in syrup (pasadas which is my favorite way of eating them). After taking them out of the sauce they were beyond soggy, nothing like my mom or my aunts make in Chile :(

Great recipe.  Just need to add the icing sugar before serving.  My family loves 'em.   These would taste great with a hazelnut cocoa spread.  For those Canadians out there....think Beaver Tails...but healthier.

Very good with pumpkin!

I made them for my Chilean husband, he says they are to flakey.  Seems like a lot of flour and not enough squash.

I am an American Chilean, but my mother came from Chile and she has made sopaipillas all my life and when I have gone to Chile my aunts make us sopaipillas. I especially like them soaked in chancaca. These are nothing like what my mom or my aunts make. Although they are ok to eat "dry", their bread like texture is NOT good for soaking them in syrup (pasadas which is my favorite way of eating them). After taking them out of the sauce they were beyond soggy, nothing like my mom or my aunts make in Chile :(

Needs more butter.

These are SO yummy! This recipe makes A LOT. This was for 4 people and was way too much as an appetizer or snack, more like a meal. I will half the recipe next time so it is less time consuming. Really great with salsa! My mother even had some with butter. Goes good with almost everything! Thanks for the recipe!

I tried this  original recipe ,which is excellent!then the next time I used yam or sweet potatoes, they taste even better! You can also use regular potatoes instead of pumkin or yam. If you use potatoes then they are called Sollocas, my aunt used to make them in those cold, rainy/snowy  days in the south of Chile, where the potatoes are abundant.

My husband grew up on these while living in Chile.  In Chilean tradition we make them when it is rainy and cold.  His Chilean mom and he say they taste just like they are suppose to.

Excellent! I am from Chile and I live in USA. I tried this recipe a few days before and It was just like being in Chile, with the difference of snowing outside instead of raining. But it was amazing. Just like being in Chile!. specially becaise I made some with "Chancaca" ! If you are a chilean, you know what I mean!

