I've never made anything from this website that has never been reviewed, but this sounded so good, I took a chance. I was not disappointed, and I will make this again. I did make a couple of minor changes, mostly out of necessity. For instance, I live nowhere near a metropolitan place where the suggested cheese is available, so I shredded in pepper jack cheese, instead. I also thought it would be nice sprinkled on top, so I shredded a liberal amount there. (It made a wonderful, golden crust! I did cut down on the baking time by about 10 minutes, though...so as not to burn the cheese.) I was out of cayenne pepper, so I threw in some red pepper flakes instead.

I made this for hubby while I was on a diet and unable to taste it. I used sambel chili mix in the mince and a mash of potatoes, sweet potatoes and carrot. I used the egg despite some reviewers saying they did not as I wanted the potato to set firmly and get that nice little crust layer it does when you use egg.

Hubby said it was a 2.5 - 3 star recipe as something was off in the spices, but he is not sure what or he would of rated it higher. Still did not stop him going back for seconds though.

Good fun meal. Of course I customized it for my family, added numerous vegetables while ground bison and tomatoes simmered. Spices per my family taste too.

interesting though; grew up in chile and never heard of this before now

Great Recipe!

Made this exactly as shown and thought it was a delicious meal. I will make again for sure.

I made this for hubby while I was on a diet and unable to taste it. I used sambel chili mix in the mince and a mash of potatoes, sweet potatoes and carrot. I used the egg despite some reviewers saying they did not as I wanted the potato to set firmly and get that nice little crust layer it does when you use egg.

Hubby said it was a 2.5 - 3 star recipe as something was off in the spices, but he is not sure what or he would of rated it higher. Still did not stop him going back for seconds though.

My daughter has made this several times for Food Day in various Spanish classes.  It was there this recipe was renamed Chilean Crack Potatoes;   you find yourself thinking about how to get more for later in the day. I just made it myself for the first time and would suggest cutting the oil by more than half.  Colby Jack is a substitute for the cheese, and we use 4 oz.  Oh, in the interest of time, I do use garlic instant potatoes; two 4 serving envelopes. The other reviewer is right, it could use more potatoes - depending on preference. Without a doubt these would be over the top if made wtih real potatoes.

I looked for the panquehue cheese in at least five stores and couldn't find it, so I used cheddar jack cheese.  I left out the tomato paste and ended up draining the meat mixture (because a half cup of veg. oil seemed like a lot).  I thought this was a good dish though I probably will not make it again anytime soon.

This was a great dish. I couldnt find the cheese so I used a mexican blend cheese. Also made one with tofu and it was very good.

Great recipe which lends itself to more creativity! I added sliced green olives, cilantro, diced green hot chili,  diced raw tomato and red onion. No egg in the mash...two levels are super yummy! I also put in lima beans with canned corn...great meal with lots of leftovers! Enjoy!

