We really enjoyed this.....I cut a london broil into chuncks, browned it sauted my shallots and peppers....then put it in the crock pot...this worked out so well...next ime I think I will add more veggies...thanks for the great recipe

This stew had so much potential!  It had all the right ingredients, and it smelled SO good while cooking.  Yet, when I ate it for dinner, it was just missing something...not sure what.  Maybe add some more spices next time?  I also felt it needed thickening..    it didn't live up to my expectations.  I will try it again and experiment a bit.

Delicious. I cut the chilli powder by 1/3 for my wife. I used sirloin roast I had done on the smoker with a bonedust rub and mesquite wood. Will make again.

Nice flavor in the broth; my picky husband liked it.  Good use of leftover beef; the cubes stayed tender.

Family and friends loved this recipe.  Served it with cornbread.  It was just excellent.  I'd tell you that the leftovers were even better with the flavors infused over 24 hours but each time I make it, there are never any left.

This was a great way to use up leftover roast beef.  My first time cooking with shallots which add a nice subtle flavor.  All I had on hand was regular chile powder, but I bet with the chipotle chile powder this stew would rock!  We tried this with the parsley, but have found we prefer serving it with chopped cilantro.  I thickened it slightly...just our preference.  Very yummy alternative to traditional beef stew. Thanks!

Unlike many others I followed the recipe exactly and loved it. The next time, though,I won't add the water.

Wow, what flavors! We grow our own Poblano peppers and had some red ones on the vine (they get quite hot when they ripen on the vine).  Used the equivalent of 2 red bell peppers as the only substitute in this recipe. Turned out fantastic!  Quite spicy and full of flavor. I suggest everyone try poblanos in this recipe (if you have mild ones, add some hot chiles along with them).  Thanks for the recipe.

My husband loved this soup and so did I.   I made a Pepperoncini roast in the crockpot the night before and used the leftovers for this soup.  It added a nice blend of flavors.  This recipe made a lot for two people so we had it twice and I froze a single portion for a lunch sometime in the near future.

This stew had so much potential!  It had all the right ingredients, and it smelled SO good while cooking.  Yet, when I ate it for dinner, it was just missing something...not sure what.  Maybe add some more spices next time?  I also felt it needed thickening..    it didn't live up to my expectations.  I will try it again and experiment a bit.

Very good. I will use more vegetables next time thought.

