Great recipe, a little hard to knead, but you can add more milk or put the dough in the microwave a few seconds and will be much easier to work.
My family loved them. Thanks

I followed the recipe closely using proper cups and spoon measures....however the dough never came together, I added water and water until finally looked like dough. The final result was nothing like the original dobladitas, dry taste, more like a scone. Lack of the moisture and texture of the original ones. I want be trying it this recipe again

it was good

After looking at alot of recipes I decided to go with this one. This is such a great recipes, it's nice and easy and taste just about the same but even better. I'm chilean and I made it for a whole chilean family they loved it. My father grew up with my grandmother making all types of chilean food and when my father said daughter your grandmother would be so proud these taste yummy. My little family love it too. Thank you for sharing this recipe.

I enjoy looking up food that has no meat in it.  This bread from Chile is exactly what I was looking for.

Omg! I love this recipe. I'm from Chile and it tastes just like the ones out in illapel and viña except we call them pañuelos.  Thank you so much it was fast and easy so good with palta ( smashed alvocodo and salt)

Dough is much easier to knead if you use the full cup of melted butter and between 1/2 and 2/3 cup of milk. Really easy to make and tastes awesome.

i made these for my Spanish class as extra credit. most if not all enjoyed them and dove in for seconds. i was surprised to see how good they were despite the little amount of ingredients. i would use a little more butter for extra flavor but other than that great recipe.

I'm Chilean, and I can tell you that this dobladitas are the best that I have ever tasted. Thank you!

Pretty close to the real thing.  My husband is Chilean and this is his favorite type of pancito, the one he misses the  most now living in the U.S.  He was really happy with these!  They didn't come out quite as thick, buttery tasting (the ones in Chile really are like eating slices of butter almost), but I was impressed at how well they came out, and what an easy recipe!  Next time I may try a shorter cook time...

