My mother is from Chile and this recipe is almost exactly like hers.  She used green olives with pimentos instead of black olives.  An easier recipe for the dough is:
four sticks of butter melted
one cup of milk
four cups of flour
mix, cover and refrigerate over night
let the dough sit at room temp for about 20 minutes and it is easy to roll, flaky and perfect
brush empanadas with a beaten egg lightly before baking

This is for the dough only: it wasn't bad, but it wasn't the authentic empanada dough I was looking for.  It wasn't flaky or pastry-like enough, so I'd say the proportions of butter and flour would need to be altered.  If you aren't used to eating real empanadas, then this dough will do just fine, but if you are cooking for Latinos, you should keep looking for a better recipe.

Amazing!!

After reading other comments about not enough spices, I ?substituted the salt with seasoning salt and added a fewof ?chili powder salsa.

Outstanding!

Being from Chile, our typical empanadas are made with beef, not pork.  The dough should be light and flaky or it would turn too dry.  I will make this recipe with beef and report the results.

Loved the flavor of the filling.  I used currants instead of raisins (thought the smaller version would blend better). The dough was a bit hard to work with.  I think next time I'll use less flour or more butter.  Also found that the thinner it is rolled out the better.

I loved them and so did my class thanks!

Excellent filling recipe!! I didn’t include the raisins (personal presence). I used a roll-out, prepared pie crust instead of making the dough from scratch and it turned out perfect! I suggest making them a bit larger than a cup or cookie cutter will give you. Chilean husband says it reminds him of home.

I used only the filling portion of this recipe since I already have an empanada pastry that I like.  The family liked this recipe, a hit with everyone.  The only thing I would do differently is use a bit less of the chopped black olives and add some chopped green chilis to the mix.  There was more than enough mix to fill numerous empanadas.  I make mine small, 5 inch circles and we had about 24 and enough mix left over for another ten at least.  I served the remaining mix over a hot rice for a quick lunch.

Délicieux!

