I cooked it for over an hour in individual ramekins, and it was only lightly browned on the sides. Even though it was difficult to know when they were done, it still gets 5 stars for exciting my husband so much! It was pretty easy and tasted delicious. I halved the recipe and added 1/2 tablespoon of vanilla, since I didn't have any pisco laying around and I couldn't buy any.

I found the recipe a little too heavy in Pisco. Especially for something that is supposed to be an optional item. I reduced it by 1/2 and the flavor was still there. I also did not use all of the whole eggs, rather I changed it to half whole eggs and only using the egg yolks of the other half so the recipe would read: 2 egg yolks and 2 whole eggs. I also changed the whole milk to 1/2 heavy cream and 1/2 whole milk. A little bit of Vanilla Bean was used too.  The custards browned up in the appropriate time frame, maybe 5 minutes more was needed. I was using a convection oven at 325*. I also used a water bath so the custards did not brown too quickly.   One mistake is overcooking a custard. Once a custard is set, pull it out and let it rest for 10 minutes then refrigerate. A custard will jiggle like jello when it is set. Angle the custard to the side and stick a toothpick in it, if it seeps out it is NOT done. If the toothpick comes out clean and there is no custard seeping out it is done.

Not impressed.

I can't comment on the authenticity of this recipe, but it certainly was tasty!  The process of making it was super simple, though mine spent a lot longer in the oven (almost an hour) before it set and started to brown.  I did add a small amount of info vanilla, as suggested by another reviewer, but I couldn't get ahold of pisco here in NC.

It did not taste good at all. It smelt like eggs and tasted like eggs. Next time, maybe some more sugar and less eggs.

I found the recipe a little too heavy in Pisco. Especially for something that is supposed to be an optional item. I reduced it by 1/2 and the flavor was still there. I also did not use all of the whole eggs, rather I changed it to half whole eggs and only using the egg yolks of the other half so the recipe would read: 2 egg yolks and 2 whole eggs. I also changed the whole milk to 1/2 heavy cream and 1/2 whole milk. A little bit of Vanilla Bean was used too.  The custards browned up in the appropriate time frame, maybe 5 minutes more was needed. I was using a convection oven at 325*. I also used a water bath so the custards did not brown too quickly.   One mistake is overcooking a custard. Once a custard is set, pull it out and let it rest for 10 minutes then refrigerate. A custard will jiggle like jello when it is set. Angle the custard to the side and stick a toothpick in it, if it seeps out it is NOT done. If the toothpick comes out clean and there is no custard seeping out it is done.

I cooked it for over an hour in individual ramekins, and it was only lightly browned on the sides. Even though it was difficult to know when they were done, it still gets 5 stars for exciting my husband so much! It was pretty easy and tasted delicious. I halved the recipe and added 1/2 tablespoon of vanilla, since I didn't have any pisco laying around and I couldn't buy any.

Great dessert and easy to make.  For those who haven't had it before -- it's more like custard than creme brulee.  
Also, note that it's meant to be eaten with a pretty decently browned top.  So I kept it in the oven (even with a ceramic dish) for almost an hour.

This recipe took lots longer than was stated, about an hour for me at the temperature stated. Maybe it was because I didn't have a ceramic dish and used a glass 9 x 13 inch instead. The pisco added a nice touch - I had never had leche asada with pisco before, and it turned out well. We live in Chile, and this actually turned out quite authentic!

