Delicious, I only changed a few things, I used an heirloom squash variety very similar to butternut squash that I picked up at my local farmer's market and I used cannelini beans and pinto beans, veggie broth instead of chicken broth and I seasoned it with paprika and cumin in a 2 to 1 ratio.  Delicious with a little bit of pepper for a kick.  I will definitely make this again as it was very tasty and healthy.  Even my boyfriend loved it and was asking me to make it again before we even finished eating the first batch!  Wonderful sweet/spicy flavor with the added paprika and cumin.  Thank you for this recipe!

Iam Chilean, this dish is very popular in Chile. The way I make it is I boil the lima beans (no other kind of beans should be added) and squash with salt, chicken buillon and  basil, in an other pan I brown onions garlic, salt and more basil in oil (chilean people uses fat to brown it(from bacon tastes great) and add it to the soup, put the corn and basil(yes, more basil) in the food processor and add it tho the soup cook for 25 minutes more and is ready. add more salt if necessary.

I have made this many times. I add garlic, and use whatever beans I have. Today it was pinto beans. I also added a small potato because my butternut squash was very small. I add green chile because I live in NM LOL!  Sometimes I add sausage . This may not be authentic but very delicious on a cold winter night.

First time making this dish, and I loved it, real comfort food material, with minimal effort.

If you want to speed up the cooking time, you can use a blender to blend the chicken stock with the raw onions and squash (yes you'll change the flavor when you don't saute the onions, but it's a huge time saver not to chop and saute them and if you have picky kids or adults, it's a nice way to hide the onions). Once those are pureed it's only a matter of heating up the soup. My family thought it tasted "fresh." However, the recipe benefits from salt and pepper to taste, plus garlic (which we added once we found it needed it).

Very tasty and filling; used northern beans only (didn't have lima beans on hand). Make sure to use plenty of basil and sprinkle some of the chopped pepper on top of your bowl if you like a bit of extra kick. Thanks for sharing!

Iam Chilean, this dish is very popular in Chile. The way I make it is I boil the lima beans (no other kind of beans should be added) and squash with salt, chicken buillon and  basil, in an other pan I brown onions garlic, salt and more basil in oil (chilean people uses fat to brown it(from bacon tastes great) and add it to the soup, put the corn and basil(yes, more basil) in the food processor and add it tho the soup cook for 25 minutes more and is ready. add more salt if necessary.

Really good!  I used navy beans instead of Great Northern beans, and I added a little garlic.  Did not have fresh basil so subbed dried.  Tasted great!

I added garlic and omitted the northern beans. It tastes just like I had it in Chile.

SO tasty.  I added coriander in the beginning and fresh cilantro and a ton of basil toward the end.  Yum!

Very nice stew!  I have made this as-written, and again with the variation suggested in the reviews, and it just keeps getting better!  My dad is Chilean so it is fun to make this for the family.  Thanks!

