I tried this receipe for my in laws who are Chilean and just flew in from South America on night.  I was sadden that the cazuela/pumpkin turned out dry. I would use butternut squash or acorn squash next time.  My mother who made this dish back in the old country recommended trying it with butternut squash.  You can also use this receipe with chicken instead of beef if you like.  My father in law wanted to add Cumin since it was missing just a tad flavor.  Overall it is a nice basic soup and I followed the receipe 100% as written. I was hoping to impress but instead got a cooking lesson at dinner.

So good!  I made exactly, not forgetting the fresh oregano.  My husband spent 2 years in Chile eating casuela much of the time and he said it was very good. Casuela is not supposed to be spicy.  I used an eating pumpkin (pie or sugar) and it was delicious!

Used butternut squash but otherwise as is - yum!

Wonderful flavour and such a nice stew for the fall/winter season. I added more paprika and oregano for extra flavour. I've been raving about this stew since I made it. Perfect for those squash lovers. Hearty and filling.

It is true the pumping is different than the Chilean one, but lets enjoy what mother nature give us on each place. But pleeeeaaassseee peeled the potatoes, so you take the dirt flavor off the food. ;)

This Stew was a big hit in my home. I used  half red potatoes and half sweet potatoes. I took the advice from reviews and added Cumin and used butternut squash instead of pumpkin. This is a great stew.  Served it with warm Irish soda bread.

What an excellent recipe for the cold weather! Very easy to make.  I added yellow squash and delicata squash. The delicata squash is sweet giving the stew another layer of flavor.  Also, I coated the meat in flour and lightly browned it before adding the other ingredients.

I had intended to add picture but the family loved this so much there was nothing left. Instead of beef I used chicken and chicken stock. Everything else in the recipe was used. Family approved this will for sure be made again.

Absolutely delicious!! One of my favourites Chilean dishes! And if you eat it with a chilean salad (tomato and onion) is one of the best things you can try!

SUPER!  I eliminated the red pepper and corn on the cob, and substituted butternut squash for the pumpkin.  It was delicious and we really enjoyed it!!

