I tried this recipe once and I didn't get the pudding texture at all and I think it is because the recipe doesn't have enough sugar. I am made it and I added 2 1/2 cups of sugar and it worked!

Coming from a Puerto Rican family, I grew up on dulce de leche.  This recipe turned out well but took a little too long.  Dulce de Leche is actually known throughout all Latin countries including the Caribbean and is actually said to have originated in Argentina.

Love it I stuffed churros with them and they were delicious

The best and easiest way to make Dulce de Leche is to place one or more cans of condensed milk in a pressure cooker. Cover the straight up cans with water and set the timer at 15 minutes for a lighter consistency and 25 minutes for the darker and thicker. No mess, no fussing around. You can usually fit 3 or more cans inside the typical pressure cooker. You can store the un-opened cans for a long, long time.

I'm chilean and I try it but I didn't have the result because didn't have all the ingredients so I mixed up a couple things that j had in the fridge and I finish having butterscotch but was fun trying to make it!!

1) Use 2 cups of sugar total
2) Use 1 1/2 teaspoons if baking powder 
3) The time it takes to cook is about 4 1/2 hours in medium to low heat 
4) Use an electric whisk or mixer at the end. Add more milk if you notice your dulce de Leche hardening like toffee.

If you use the mixer the result will be incredible. My boyfriend loved it and it went well with the Vanilla Crepe recipe on this site.

this did not work out for me. too watery, even after adding 3 cups of sugar

I had read in several recipes that you cannot use nonfat milk as it will not thicken. I used organic nonfat milk (4c), organic whole cane unrefined sugar(1c), organic vanilla, and one can of nonfat sweetened condensed milk, and of course the baking soda after one hour. Mine thickened just as described. I don't know if it was the added can of scm or the whole cane unrefined sugar (which still contains the molasses and produces a richer taste - though it's a taste not for everyone). I also kept the heat on medium after it came to a boil through about 40min into the process. This can speed up the process but you have to be careful not to burn the sugars with too high of heat. It also requires more attention the higher the heat. Note: adding the baking soda will temporarily almost double the volume, so be sure to have room to prevent spill over. 
My nonfat version was done in 1h20m. 
I think it's delicious. I will say again though that the unrefined whole cane sugar does have more of a molasses flavor than refined sugar. As one site said, if you are someone that has started replacing whole wheat flour for white flour in your recipes, you'll probably be fine. :)

Turned out good. Tasted great. I did not have whole milk, so I used 3 cups fat free milk and 1 cup heavy cream. Other then that did exactly as the recipe said and it came out great at the time stated in the recipe. Sorry it didn't work out for the others. Try it again. Don't forget the baking soda, that what gives it the pudding consistency.

This was my first attempt to make Dulce de leche from scratch, and I am very pleased with the results. A few notes:

1) This takes time, but if you cook it on low, you only need to check in on it occasionally. When I made it, I cooked on low and it took about 4.5 hours, but at such a low heat I only needed to check in on it about once every half an hour. That means that it is not a hassle if you are doing other chores around the house.

2) It is very important to strain the dulce de leche before it is eaten or stored. The purpose of the baking soda in this recipe is to keep the milk from coagulating. That being said, there will be some small amount of coagulation at the top, and these weird bits will interfere with the other smooth, delicious experience.

I will note that in the past I have made dulce de leche by boiling the can of sweetened condensed milk, and the raw ingredient approach produces a far superior result.

Coming from a Puerto Rican family, I grew up on dulce de leche.  This recipe turned out well but took a little too long.  Dulce de Leche is actually known throughout all Latin countries including the Caribbean and is actually said to have originated in Argentina.

