My grandmother used to make these when I was a child, and she always put onion powder in hers, to give it more of an onion flavour.  I followed the recipe, with the addition of a teaspoon of onion powder, sea salt, and ground white pepper.  I rolled them the way my grandmother did, which is to portion them out (16-18 per recipe), using hands, roll each portion into a hotdog-like shape, then with a rolling pin, roll out into a long, thin rectangle, about 1/8" thick.  Brush with oil, sprinkle on green onions, and roll into cigar lengthwise.  Next, take one end and begin coiling the cigar into a patty (like how a snake coils itself), and tuck the end tail under.  Next, roll flat with rolling pin, again, 1/8" thick.  I like to make two batches at a time, and freeze them, with parchment paper inbetween.  No need to defrost when pan frying, just lower the temp a bit, and cook a bit longer.  Sprinkle with salt and serve with hoisin sauce.  Enjoy!

I hate to give these such a low rating but they were SUPER bland!!!  I added a good amount of salt and pepper as stated to do and bland, bland, bland.  It had to be the dough.  I even added more salt on them as they were frying and we still had trouble getting them down.  Good thing I served some yummy soup with them so we could dip them in it to it to get them down.  I threw away about 12 of these :(

TURNED OUT AWESOME! I modified to something a little different though! Added shredded chicken and mozzarella to stuff.


I followed the recipe for the dough exactly but came out a little dry so had to add a little extra water.

Shredded chicken and mixed with shredded mozzarella and chopped green onions for the filling.

Came out very good, hit with extra salt and pepper when they came out of the pan topped with scallion and a little mozzarella

Definitely will make again, need to make a sauce next time!

Verh simple recipe, easy to follow! I used butter and a sprinkle of sea salt before rolling up with the onions. I made a dip with hoisin, sriracha, soy sauce, fish sauce, and a bit of honey garlic sauce. All to taste! Also good if you add a splash of rice wine vinegar in there as well.

Delicious!! You can use yogurt instead of boiling water though!

I made this recipe with green onion and shrimp and it was delicious

I seldom comment, why, who knows?  But, these are off the charts good.  I read the reviews and added salt, pepper and onion powder to the flour, before mixing with water.  

They’re wonderful!

I followed someone else's advice by adding white pepper & sea salt and everything came out excellent!

No changes and yes will make again

This is the proper way to make onion  pancakes.  They may be bland because they are often meant to accompany Chinese food dishes!  Many use these instead of rice or noodles.  Regular pancakes are bland if you don't add something to or on them.  You just need to know what to eat them with.  I personally like them alone or with Mapo Tofu or Chinese prepared pan fried fish.

These can be made gluten-free flour if you have to - we do it that way. This recipe is amazing and I've made it many times. Thanks!

