Good base recipe for Szechuan-style garlic eggplant.    Need to season the eggplant with some salt/pepper a bit while frying.  Jazz it up using fresh crushed garlic instead of the powder, at least 2 fat cloves, right at the end of stir-frying the egglplant (mellowing the garlic), along with some green onion.    For more flavor, add extra dash of oyster sauce and a good dash of fish sauce, a little more pepper flakes as well.    Goes very well with added thin-sliced pork/chicken/beef.  Just toss it in after you get the eggplant stir fryin' for a couple mins (takes less time to cook).

This has a STRONG flavor!  Too strong for me surprisingly.  I think it was the oyster sauce which I have used on many occasions with no complications.  Too much of it.  I'm glad I made some rice to serve with to take away from the incredibly over powering flavor.  2 stars is all I can give.

I have been looking for this recipe for a while. To make it taste more like the restaurant's, I added 1 tsp of sesame seed oil to the eggplant and only 1 tsp of the red pepper flakes. This will definitely be a new addition to our family favorites.

This was delicious. We will be using this sauce on many different things.

Rich & Spicy but not over the top   Easy and very flavorful  This will be signature dish if I ever open a eatery

I made what was approximately a double recipe of this, and only used one tablespoon of red pepper flakes, and it was still too spicy.  I suggest that everyone start with a very small quantity of the pepper flakes, and slowly increase it.  My lips and mouth were a bit numb after I ate this -- I will definitely dial it back next time!

I think 1 Tablespoon of red pepper flakes was too much.  I recommend the 1 tsp instead.  You can add more later if you want this hotter.

It turned out well.  I used a regular eggplant - about 1 1/2 pounds, leaving approx. 1/3 of the outer skin on for a nicer look.   I also used only 1 tsp. of the red pepper flakes instead of 1 Tablespoon and it was still almost too spicy/hot.  (for me.)  Overall, a good recipe I will make again.

This was quick, easy, used things I already had in my pantry and was SO good! I followed the ideas from a few others and doubles the sauce, added a pound of ground pork and used a lot of sambal instead of a little red pepper flakes. It was awesome. I can't wait to try it with other veggies and tofu!

I have made this a couple of times and it is the best outside of the Thai restaurant of any recipe I've tried.  I have made it with fresh garlic and powder and the fresh is definitely best.  I add onion, red bell pepper and this time some fresh green beans.  I have used Hoisin sauce because of being out of oyster sauce and it's really good that way too.

Simply delicious.

