I grew up in an Asian household and we sure do love our soup! This was great once I made a few adjustments.  We really like a lot of broth (as we have it with noodles), so I increased the liquid to 5 cups chicken stock and 3 cups of water.  Even with that much liquid there was MORE then enough meat!  I mixed in 2 green onions into the meat mixture and a dash of black pepper. I skipped sauting the cabbage and added it into the simmering soup the last few minutes of cooking, we don't like it mushy.  As for the soup itself, if you add the meatballs in before it comes to a simmer, they will not fall apart.  The last couple minutes of simmering I added in 3 thinly sliced green onions, a large handful of sliced cilantro, and a bit more soy sauce to taste.  and DON'T SKIP THE SESAME OIL, this is key to the flavor.  The meat filling and broth would also be good for wonton soup!  Try adding in some sliced carrots or broccoli towards the end with the cabbage, very good!

The taste was wonderful and homey, but the proportions for the broth to other ingredients must be off. I would cut the amount of cabbage to half a head as long as the head of cabbage is small. That will make this a soup rather than a dish of meatballs in boiled cabbage.

Kids and I really love this soup. I don’t use water in the broth, rather substitute more broth. I add as much broth as is needed to cover the vegetables and make it soupy. That’s usually about 8 cups. I like adding bok choy for a little colour. Have added all sorts of other vegetables I’ve had on hand and needed to clear from the fridge. Meatballs are so tasty made to recipe. No need to bake them, just drop them in when soup is boiling.

Added cilantro, red bell pepper and mushrooms to meatballs. Used home made veg broth plus bullion  for broth adding garlic clove and ginger to that broth.

I made this twice first time to the letter. I found it pretty bland. (the meatballs were perfect).  after some research, the second time I made these additions/changes.- Baked the meatballs, 13m per side.- Used all chicken stock, not water. Veg stock ok too. Added some homemade chick stock with fat.- Added some leftover pork with fat.- 2 ounce white wine- tbls white pepper- 1 ounce rice wine vingar- sliced mushrooms / can- tsp sugar-served over glass noodlesfamily liked the changesfirst time with napa cabbage. use a large one it cooks down

My husband said “HOME RUN!!!”

Simple instructions. Great flavor. Easy to make! I love it!

Great soup! Meatballs are wonderful! True, there is not enough liquid in the recipe, depending on how big your head of cabbage is. The fats in this soup makes the cabbage almost buttery, so comforting.   Make sure to use fresh ginger.

My family, friends and myself love this dish! So good. YUMMM

I love this recipe. I’ve made It for a couple of years now. But I double everything. Double the meat, double the eggs, etc. But with double of everything, i have to put at least 4.5 cups of chicken broth and 1.5 cups of water.

We didn't have Chicken Broth. We made it anyway with 2 and 1/2 cups of water. We didn't have Green Onions. We minced 1/2 of a very large onion and mixed that into the pork meat. We used 1/2 of a large NAPA Cabbage.  We did not add MSG. We used the recommended sesame oil but mixed it all into the raw pork with the single egg , 2 tablespoons of corn starch, along with minced fresh ginger. We cut the salt by 1/2.  We added 2 sliced carrots. We added some old cooked rice - about 1 cup- for the last 5 minutes. We added two minced cloves of garlics to the soup. We kept it on low slow boil for about 30 minutes. It tastes nice, clean--can taste the pork, the NAPA and can now salt and pepper to taste. 

I'd say you could throw in some mushrooms, some Yam noodles and even a tomato and it would taste great. So if you don't have chicken broth and you're anti MSG this will work.  I'm curious for anyone else that did water only (if anyone did) what the taste would be adding MSG.

