This is an excellent marinade. I omitted all the directions...instead I mixed up the ingredients and put them in a large plastic bag..didn't cook ingredients first. I marinated the chicken for 4 hours. Then I baked it in a 425 oven for 45 minutes in the marinade (per another reviewer)...I didn't bother to baste it...it turns a beautiful golden brown. I removed the ginger before baking. Also, instead of crushing the garlic, I diced it up really small...yum! One thing I will do next time is put foil in the pan that I'm baking in...makes cleanup much easier. This is very moist and tender.

This recipe was alright, but lacked the true bento flavor I was after.  I made a few changes: doubled the marinade, marinaded overnight and cooked on the stove top.  I also recommend using sodium reduced soy sauce as it was very salty.  I will not be making this again.

Made me sick. Too much oil

The chicken was fantastic! Moist and delicious!😀

So delicious!  I threw in several breakfast pork chops since I only had 2 chicken breasts.  I marinated the meat a bit longer than what the recipe called for (I long a more pronounced flavor) and grilled it to my liking.  Paired this with a lo mein noodle recipe from this website.  We are all stuffed!!!

Too much soya sauce flavour

My family liked it. On the grill I had to cook it for about 20 minutes at 350 (tempted dropped with basting). I scaled back the sesame oil because my family isn't a fan. I used about a 1 tsp.Duck sauce paired perfectly with it. Definitely try to use low sodium soy sauce if you can. I used regular soy sauce and there were a few bites I felt it was to much. Thanks for sharing the recipe

One of our favorite marinades!

My husband is fussy when it comes to reciepes but loved this one and i also enjoyed it also thank you.

This turned out amazing. Didn’t have time to cook it after marinating it for 5 hours so just cooked it the next night on the grill.              SO. . GOOD.

Was perfect for a protein to go with an Asian sesame salad for the family.

