This was very popular at our playoff party.  I only made a few changes, lightly toasted the bread before adding the shrimp so that it won't get soggy, didn't used the yellow onion, but increased the green onions and baked the toast for 5-7 minutes in a 350 degree oven instead of frying to cut down the fat.  Add some red peper flakes for a little bit of heat.

I was really excited to try this recipe.  Don't know what went wrong, but we did not like this.  Baked instead of fried, but I cannot imagine that would affect it SO much.  Overall, t was very bland for us, and would not attempt again.

This is such a good recipe. I love it.

Looks great, but I haven’t tried it yet because I have a question:
Is the Shrimp Mixture placed only between one slice of bread, then fried on both sides?
Or
The mixture sandwiched between two slices of bread, then fried?

Thanks,

My tweaks:
Texas toast bread, used -cooked shrimp, no yellow onion--a lot more scallions. 3 anchovy fillets, 1-2 T  ginger, no cilantro ( I don't like,) more soy sauce (I only use Tamari,) more garlic, 2-3 T paprika. Pureed the mix. Found I had to add another egg (2 total,) and use a spatula to gently press down on the plain side tops while frying the pate-side and for considerably longer--if not, the pate would fall off during the flip. Mine wound up a darker color but weren't overcooked at all.

The fresh REAL crabmeat was a $tretch, but I didn't want to compromise. To cook the crabmeat, I sauteed in 1 T butter.

I actually made the pate the night before and stored covered in the fridge. Didn't get around to the cooking part, so one hour wound up being 24 hours and it didn't hurt a thing.
IMO, the sauce recipe seemed more like watered-down soy sauce. To the water, I added some chicken bouillon. I wound up about double the volume, too.
My sauce ingredients were more or less intuitively-measured: sesame oil, Tamari, between 1 and 2 T sugar,  one hefty T ginger, garlic, 2 T fresh lemon juice, around 3-4 T chopped parsley, coarse black pepper, 2 T Worcestershire sauce (--yes, and it was perfect!), 3-4 scallions and slightly under  1/4 cup of mayo.  Made a good, sweet dipping sauce with enhanced substance and more worthy of such deliciously tasty triangles. Hope you

Great recipe!  The only thing is that, I only put in green onions, trimmed the crust off the bread and used two eggs.

Too many unneeded ingredients.

I made a batch of this mixture 3 days ago and have eaten them twice a day ever since :> Now im going to have to mix some more up LOL. I didnt have the water chestnuts or celery so i used more green onion and they were AWSOME anyway! I highly recommend theese.

The toast looks like it has some kind of breading on it. What is that? I haven't tried the recipe yet so can't give a rating.

I've never made this with crab... but I did happen to have some King Crab knuckles in my freezer, so I tried it.  I am at a loss to understand why people baked this rather than quick deep-fried it, because deep-frying made such a difference in flavor.  To bake shrimp toast isn't really shrimp toast at all.  And eliminating all the essential fatty acids in one's diet isn't good for the body, especially the brain and nervous system.  And people are still using margarine for the sake of "less fat" when it is the equivalent of plastic?  It hasn't lengthened anyone's life in my profession, just made it more miserable.

I was really excited to try this recipe.  Don't know what went wrong, but we did not like this.  Baked instead of fried, but I cannot imagine that would affect it SO much.  Overall, t was very bland for us, and would not attempt again.

