This was awesome. I marinated the meat for 24 hours. Instead of red pepper flakes I used 1 Tbl of Mongolian Fire Oil, which added a hint of fire but nothing you need a drink close by for. I also cooked half a white onion, half a red onion, 1/2 a cup of left over red bell pepper and some julienned carrots. Cooked the Onions and Peppers separately in a Tbl. Sesame oil and a Tbl. of Mongolian Fire oil (found in the Asian section of your local grocery) and a Tsp of minced garlic. I used sirloin instead cutting into thin strips. Mixed the Veggies back in at the end and then served it over Oven Brown Rice (found on this side). I have an excellent local Mongolian restaurant we love, sad to say I can now make it better, cheaper, and faster at home.  This dish is defiantly going into the dinner rotation!

Average, not overly impressed.

Nice very nice

I use reduced salt soy sauce yet it was still too salty. I also reduced the pepper flakes to a teaspoon, glad I did. I’d have to reduce the soy sauce if I make it again.

I decreased the red pepper flakes to 1 teaspoon and added 3 cut up baby bok choy for more veggies.

Made for the first time and I added, peppers, onions and snow peas...husband loved it.  My only concern was the sodium as was salty.  Any way to make it less salty? I used the Braggs amino and Hoison sauce.

I added some brown sugar and pepper. Marinated for a day. Came out nicely.

So easy and flavorful, this one tastes a lot like good takeout/has been added to my regular rotation.

Wonderful - an instant hit.   A little less on the red-pepper flakes. Used oyster sauce instead of hoisin , as I was out.   Sauteed bamboo shoots, bean sprouts and green onions in sauce.

it was delicious! The only thing I did, based on other rivers is double the marinade so we would have more sauce.  I didn’t use as much crushed red pepper

I really liked how it came out but adjusted to 1 tsp for red pepper flakes because I can handle a little bit of spiciness but not too much. My friends and family liked it too. I also marinated it overnight so the sauce could really soak in.

