Closest to authentic I've found, even has the actual  darker  more genuine color than the usual bright red restaurant versions.  I do add (4) 1/4" thick fresh ginger coins, smashed and chopped, to the sauce before cooking.  I've even had to make it without the Hoisin sauce (none on hand, and no black bean sauce to make any) , and it still came out great.

You can also use "country style pork ribs" for this - they're nothing more than pork butt (shoulder) cut in ~2 square strips.

For leaner diets, use a pork tenderloin or thick cut boneless pork chops, taking an extra step to brine them before marinading, to keep them moist and juicy.  Also, I find that the soy sauce adds enough salt, you don't need the kosher salt at the end (especially if you've brined the pork first).

For those who don't want (or can't) use a grill for this [I only have a pellet smoker/grill at home, and don't want the smoke flavor], you can still do this quite well in the oven.  To do so, simply use a sheet pan lined with foil or parchment, and lay them out on a lightly greased rack - cooking oil spray is great for this.  Bake at 275º for 2 hours, basting them every 20 minutes with the sauce (6 times), and turning them every other baste (3 times).  Be sure to get the sides when basting.

They will cook better, without the bottoms getting soggy (even with turning), if you raise the rack off of the sheet pan by about 2", either using small drinking glasses or similar, or racks with fold-out legs.  This all

I’m going to try it again, on the BBQ this time, indirect heat. In the oven, it came out just like the stuff from the Chinese restaurant, but not sliced🤣! It freezes exceptionally well, so you can have like 1/4 pound portions for fried rice or ramen!

Unbelievably delicious!  As I was making the recipe for family, including a 2 and 4 yo, I omitted the cheyenne, increased the 5 spice (x2) and a little extra brown sugar.  I BBQ'd "country style strips" on a gas grill.  Served with steamed rice and simple sautéed cabbage, carrot and bell pepper.The meal was phenomenal.  The 2 and 4 yo's both loved the sauce.  The 2 yo who is a picky eater, absolutely loved the meal.

Great recipe I use white granulated sugar and after it is done marinading I add an additional 1/2 cup honey then bring that to a boil and use for basting

Very tasty and easy to prepare. Skipped the red food coloring but followed the rest of the recipe exactly. We'll have this again.

Delicious and easy to make.  I like that it isn't too salty.  I only had to cook mine for 45 minutes total, but I cooked on the BBQ, so that might have made a difference.

I used a small pork loin; mixed the marinade exactly as stated. Let it marinate for 4 hours.I cooked it at 370° for 20 minutes. Came out unbelievably tender! The next time I would definitely choose a slightly fattier piece of meat.  Will definitely be making it again.

My family was in "Flavor Country".  So delicious!Thank's CJ

The taste is excellent!  One thing, though, is that the 190-degree target temperature is way too high.  Shoot for 160 internal temp and you're good to go.

This is great, I made it today and WOW. I smoked mine with Cherry wood at 275 for 3 hours, basting it after 45 minutes. Then I finished it off on the gas grill on low and continued to baste it and turn it about every 5 minutes. I used a half pork loin and cut it into 6 pieces.

