Hubby says these are A++  Better than the best Chinese restaurant dumpling he has ever had.  A couple of tips, don't over fill or your dumplings will be hard to fold and will pop open when you cook them.  Wet your fingers while folding and pinching shut - if any of them appear to be coming apart  just wet your fingers and pinch them shut.  These are great to make ahead and freeze.  Great for last minute company or a quick and tasty dinner.  Thanks for a wonderful recipe.  It's a Keeper!  Update:  Chinese Chives are longer and thicker than regular chives.  If you can't find Chinese chives just use regular chives or garlic chives.

I cook them in water first during 6-8 minutes and when water has evaporated then a pour some oil and let them brown.

Wow. I had to make this for a project and it is absolutely amazing.

These are great! And the accompanying dipping sauce packs a great salty, umami punch 😋The recipe calls for Chinese chives. I used regular chives and these worked fine. I served the dumplings with egg fried rice, tender stem broccoli, prawn toast, prawn crackers, and fortune cookies. Note, a few of these are quite filling in themselves.

FANTASTIC

This was great!  Everyone in the family loved it even the grandchildren. I had family visiting in town and they requested twice.  It's time consuming but worth it.  It saved time to prepare the filling the night before and then wrap the next day. Next time I will try with shrimp.

I love me some dumplings! I like trying different fillings when I make dumplings, chicken/cabbage/glass noodles/cheese...Next up I want to try Korean fried chicken dumplings!

Delicious!  First attempt ever at Chinese Dumplings, and couldn’t have turned out much better.  Made about 50 dumplings with this recipe. Followed it pretty much as written. We really liked the extra zing of the sauce. Gonna try to freeze the leftovers to see how that goes.  Thanks!!

These were excellent! Lighter than most restaurants. We steamed them first, then pan fried what we wanted to eat. Froze the steamed dumplings that were left over...

These dumplings are SOOOOOO amazing and so easy! thank you for sharing the recipe!  I also totally appreciate the video, I would love to see a video on how to make the wrappers even! Thank you!

I followed the ingredients and they tasted exactly like the wontons from a Chinese restaurant. I used them in wonton soup and boiled them in the broth then added chopped green onions and soy sauce. Voila!

