HERE'S WHAT I DO FOR MY RESTAURANT STYLE EGG DROP SOUP.  Bring broth to a boil with 1T sherry, 1T soy sauce, 2 scallions cut in 1 inch pieces, 1-1 inch piece of fresh ginger, 1 clove garlic crushed. Let steep a few minutes to flavor broth.  Remove garlic, ginger and scallions.  Thicken with cornstarch (add more cornstarch if you like it nice and thick as we do).  Stir broth while simmering in clockwise directions. Add beaten eggs (I use 6 eggs for 4 or 5 cups broth)  in slow steady stream and let cook undisturbed (important) until cooked (about a minute or so).  If you add eggs before it's thickened the eggs will puff when cooked and will not cook to ribbons (like restaurant style).  Garnish with finely sliced scallions if desired and crispy noodles.  Yummy! Will fulfill that takeout craving.

I followed the recipe exactly and I don't know what went wrong. This soup ended up being terrible and the ginger completely overpowered everything. It also tastes nothing like our local chinese restaurant. I will continue my search for an enjoyable Egg Drop Soup and never make this recipe again.

I thought it was delicious, the only change I made was using chicken bullion with tomatoes, which gave it a little extra flavor and color. Both ways are satisfactory, my thoughts. : )

Deeeelicious! Tastes just like I remember at the Chinese restaurant.

I loved this recipe. I took it to our "Friday lunch group" and it was a hit!After reading other reviews, I thickened the broth first and added the eggs last. I think that was the best method to maintain the integrity of the "egg flowers".Also, I added all 4 cups of the broth to the pan and used 3/4 cup water to make the cornstarch slurry. By the time it cooked down the water was evaporated and it didn't water down the soup at all.I have to keep my sodium consumption down, so I used low-sodium broth and omitted the salt. I added a little garlic pepper which I think added a nice depth of flavor. I didn't have chives so I added a couple of TBS. of FINELY MINCED (read pretty much pulverized) onion. Onion powder probably would have worked as well.I was nervous to take a recipe I had never tried before to a group lunch, but everyone either wanted the recipe or just wanted a promise that I'll make it again!Try it. I think you'll be glad you did.

I used arrowroot powder to thicken, and put the eggs in last. 😋

Tasted like I bought it from a fancy restaurant! Everyone loved it and was gone so fast! Now that I have the ingredients, I’m definitely going to make more and share.

I really liked it and it was super easy. I'll make it again.

My husband and I thought it was very good but could've been a little thicker. I will definitely make it again, with more cornstarch.

Excellent recipe. Great flavor. Rivals any restaurant soup. I did however use three full eggs. I don’t know what else to say it was just amazing.

Perfect basic recipe!  As others noted, I had results more closely resembling restaurant style by adding the cornstarch slurry before eggs.  Probably just a personal preference, but same flavor either way.

