a keeper!  good basic recipe that takes well to improvisation. The kids said it tasted like take-out.  I used green pepper, yellow pepper, onion, mushrooms sliced, diagonal sliced carrots and celery.  I left out the sugar since I don't like sweet sauces.  I doubled the amount of ginger and garlic, (well, maybe I tripled it).  I added a dash of dry sherry since I am allergic to oysters....and it turned out fantastic.  Next time want to try broccoli instead of peppers.  Maybe add bamboo shoots and water chestnuts too.  Thank you for this recipe.

Sorry, but I am surprised by the great reviews this recipe received. The sauce did not thicken at all for me. It stayed very thin and soupy. By the time I gave up and added more starch, the ingredients were all overcooked. If I use this recipe again, I'll definitely decrease the amount of beef broth that I use or increase the amount of starch from the start.

I made it with pork.  Omitted the oyster sauce and doubled the soy sauce.  Served over fried rice.  Delicious!  Will be making it again for sure.

Loved this, used left over beef tenderloin sliced thin. Sautéed it with the onions in butter and veg oil. Then added the ginger and garlic, then added celery, green and yellow peppers, broccoli, carrots and mushrooms. Didn't have oyster sauce so i just added a splash of sherry. Doubled the sauce and served it over brown rice. So good!

This recipe was a hit with my family. It was so easy to make, and the taste was exactly what we were looking for! I followed the recipe as written, however I did double the source due to the fact I had little more meat and vegetables in my dish.  Thanks for sharing

This recipe was perfect! Thanks for the reviewer who suggested doubling the gravy, it really does turn out better. I used ribeye steaks and sliced them as noted and that was the best decision ever/so tender! I used the vegetables suggested & a variety of bell peppers (green, yellow and red) and added broccoli that I steamed first and added at the end and put a lid on it to continue cooking until soft. My family LOVED it! It was so easy!

Thanks it was very helpful to me.

Delicious!  Added yellow and green peppers, broccoli, celery and carrots, doubled the ginger, cornstarch, red wine instead of oyster sauce, and soy sauce.  Served over white rice...definitely making it again!

Delicious! I will definitely make again! My modifications:
* doubled the sauce like so many recommended (good idea)
* used leftover already grilled T-bone steak, so added it last instead of first (although I'd do this anyway because who likes overcooked steak?)
* veggies I used were: bell pepper, sugar snap peas, broccoli, carrot, onion, mushroom, and lots of garlic
* used stock instead of broth
*didn't have oyster sauce. Also, forgot to add ginger, which I wish I had remembered. 
Definitely a repeat recipe.

It was so good. I added sweet corn to mine and a bit more flour for the gravy to be a bit thicker. Superb

I made this recipe with a few modifications.  I started out by stir-frying the beef in oil, then set the beef aside.  I cooked the onions and garlic, then added a bag of Asian veggies and some edamame, and the beef broth.  I made the paste without the oyster sauce, then added it and the beef into the mix to heat through.  Came out great!

