I grew up in Hong Kong and this is exactly how I make my corn soup. It's easy and tasty. I often add ham, dice mixed vegetables (in frozen bag), or even fresh slice mushrooms for more flavor. Great for serving one or two!

This is the basic way of making chinese corn soup.  I usually add 2 tablespoons of chinese rice wine, 200g of ground pork, a few drops of sesame oil, salt and pepper.  Also, I think this recipe needs more broth.

This was the recipe I was looking for! We used to have this soup at a long closed restaurant and loved it. Thanks for letting us enjoy it again!

The recipe was straightforward and simple enough to complete under 15 mins. Didn't tweak much except additional broth, an extra egg and some milk. Tasted pretty much like that from the restaurant. Kids liked it, we added a touch of black pepper, that gave it a little bit more zing. Next time I will try garnishing it wt scallions and adding more stuff like diced chicken.

I didn’t want to use broth, b/c I didn’t want too thin a consistency and I didn’t want to bother with cornstarch or another thickener.  I had a jar of Better Than Bouillon Chicken Base, so I just stirred some of that in.  That gave me the stock flavoring without having to then use a thickener.  Per other’s notes I also added some Rice Wine Vinegar (no regular rice wine) and some sesame oil.  This will definitely be a regular staple on my menu

I made as listed and thought this was very bland. Just tasted like watered down cream corn.

We moved out of my neighborhood leaving behind my favorite soup so had to learn how to make it cuz I couldn’t find it anywhere. This is it! So easy to make and delicious. I add canned crab to the mix as well for some protein.

It is ok. Not very flavorful, alter a simple recipe with a simple corn and egg flavor. Possibly could use some spices.

Could not believe it only took fifteen minutes to make.  I added just a touch of soy sauce.  Don’t know how often I’d make it, but easy to make, easy ingredients and easy clean up.

This soup is delicious, just like the way I have made it for many years and tastes just like the restaurants. Make sure you use canned CHINESE chicken broth like Swanson's or Knorr. Don't use Campbell or Lipton chicken broth or else it will taste weird. Also I always use regular (not low sodium) and add another can of water to dilute it, and use two teaspoons of corn starch to thicken. The sweetness of the corn needs to be balanced out with salt.

I made this before and I still love it as not only is it tasty but it's easy to find all the ingredients in my local grocery and I can easily improve the taste if I want to by adding frozen or canned vegetables, meat or even mushrooms for additional flavor.

