Boy, were my parents surprised to come home to find fresh, homemade egg tarts!  We're a Chinese family living in San Francisco who go out to Chinatown every weekend, so we know our Chinese dim sum!  After starting the crust, I realized I didn't have any evaporated milk, so I substituted instant skim milk powder reconstituted in water (we don't keep milk around the house).  It still turned out great!  The custard is perfect - just like the ones from Chinatown!  Next time, I'll reduce the sugar in the crust because it reminded me of a sugar cookie.  I also used a mini muffin tin because I didnt' have any tart shells.  I would recommend rolling the dough into balls and rolling them out with a rolling pin because the crust was uneven and a little too thick in some of them.  I would also lower the oven temperature next time because the crust was brown before the custard was set, though it may be because I used the mini muffin tin.  The house smelled wonderful while these were baking!

I tried using this recipe but face some problems from the start when I went to purchase the INGREDIENTS. I couldn't find CONFECTIONER'S SUGAR OR ALL-PURPOSE FLOUR. Maybe it's because the ingredients are different here.
I had to use Self Raising Flour which didn't turn out the way it should, like the picture.
I also have plenty of eggs left from the 9 eggs that were beaten.
I thought it would be easy but it wasn't as easy as I thought.

Could you tell me if its ok to use SELF RAISING FLOUR and should I purchase foil styled baking cases? As I found the paper baking cases weren't as good as the egg pours out of the tart.

The tart also raise to high that it burns so fast at the top but that's because I've been using SELF RAISING FLOUR because I couldn't find ALL-PURPOSE FLOUR.

Anyway, I hope you can help as I love Chinese Egg Tarts and want to learn how to make it so I can share with my friends and family.

It cost 80p each for a Chinese Egg Tart here in Scotland and that's very expensive.

I followed the exact measurement and everything is a failure. I couldn’t form the dough because it keeps on breaking and the filling is bland.

It tasted really good! I was impressed. I had to add more butter than the recipe said. I used cupcake pans because I didn’t have a mold. I had a lot more filling left over probably because I used cupcake pans instead of the mold. I could’ve halved my recipe for the filling.

These made my husband sooooo happy! He has wanted egg tarts ever since coming back from Hong Kong and these were pretty close to the real deal he says

Super easy recipe to follow that produces yummy egg tarts! I thought the crust was a bit sweet the first time I made it so I added slightly less powdered sugar and a pinch of salt—it made a world of difference!

I made this recipe in the form of a pie instead of individual tarts. I divided all the ingredients in half which was the perfect amount for my nine inch pan. After putting it in the oven at 450 degrees for 10-15mins, I noticed the crust was cooking much faster than the custard inside, so I lowered the temperature to 350 degrees and cooked it for an additional 20mins. The taste and consistency was just like the ones I’ve had from Chinatown. Be sure to strain the eggs to avoid any lumps.

Loved it. Easier than expected

As others have said, you want to cut back by like 25% on the quantity of filling. The obvious error in this recipe is the 1 cup of sugar in the crust, almost certain they meant tbsp there. Even half a cup and you have yourself a sugar cookie

The recipie's very authentic and easy to make. Just make sure to use the aluminum mini tart tins.

People were impressed that i was able make this! Looks great and very easy to make, i cut the recipe in half as i didnt want to make a lot the first time. Also i used muffin pan instead of the tart tins, it may be beacuse of the size i was still able to make a dozen still with half the ingredients. The crust came out great but the filling we feel could be a bit sweeter, so probablynin the enxt try ill b adding more sugar maybe, but overall great recipe to try!

