I think this is my all time favorite recipe.  I have made it dozens of times and all my friends and family say it's the best thing I make!  I do make a few alterations though, which I find absolutely crucial:  Double the marinade and the sauce, add lots and lots of water as the mixture cooks - otherwise it gets really pasty.  I would say throughout the cooking process I end up adding at least a cup of water.  You want to make sure there's enough sauce to cover the noodles.  I also add several cups of chopped up veggies; usually red and green peppers, mushrooms and broccoli.  Thanks so much for this recipe!!

I followed this exactly as written (saw many favorable reviews that had made many changes). I love spicy food, but this did not have a good flavor hot and there was not enough sauce.

My husband and I devoured it. I made Sushi rice and served it with that. The only change I made was to double the sauce and leave out the heat. My husband doesn't like anything spicy. I added some to mine after cooking. We ate every bite.

Recipe was perfect as is.  It’s not too sweet.  If you plan on serving with rice, noodles, or veggies, you’ll want to double the marinade and sauce. Also, you’ll want to add lots of water as it’s cooking, as another reviewer mentioned.  Otherwise, it’s perfect!

This was an awesome dinner! Loved it! The only thing I wished I would have done was cut the chicken into smaller pieces

I used 1/2 cup peanuts and only a teaspoon of hot chili paste, because I'm a wose.  I also added extra water as it cooked.

Added red peppers for color

Family loves this and I’ll make again. Recipe was easy to follow and no need to make changes other than doubling the sauce. My photo too large so couldn’t post how delicious and tasty it looked. Thanks

Mine turned out good in terms of looks and consistency. Like a lot of other people I did about 2.5 times the ingredients for the sauce. I could not find chili paste and end up using chili oil. I added bell pepper and thinly sliced carrots to the vegetables. I found that it lacked the intensity of taste I’m used to in Chinese takeout and I don’t just mean the hot part. It just wasn’t all the way there, like a diluted version. Not sure what was missing. It was good, but not a spectacular match for restaurant Kung Pao chicken.

Skip the sauce.  I do.  Instead I use an imported Kung Pao Sauce that my local Oriental grocery carries.

This may be tasty but it is not made in an authentic way. The peanuts should not be so chopped up and you should have dried red pepper in this dish. Too "Americanized" for my taste. In

