This was really good. A lot like the stir fried noodles from the Chinese restaurant, but not as oily. I skipped the red pepper and added, instead, pea pods, bean sprouts,and water chestnuts. I also used 3 packages of noodles and only 1 packet of seasoning. The seasoning was just right. More than that would have been too salty. I don't know where they came up with it being 6 servings. It was just enough for me and my boyfriend and he's a big eater (and he would have like it if there had been more!) It serves probably more like 1 person per packet of noodles. Next time I'll use 4 packets and have leftovers! It was so yummy!

This was an easy dish and basically a variation of fried rice using ramen instead. It was alright but needed a lot more flavor. I used plain onion instead of green as it came already diced in a fajita blend veggie mix of diced onion and red and green peppers. I also used frozen mixed vegetables that I microwaved before stir frying. Not bad, but not memorable either. This was quick and easy.

Easy. Pretty quick to prepare. Nicely flavored..can add additional vegetables if you want for a filling meal.

I enjoyed the meal, but I made a few changes to the type of oil and omitted the flavor pack due to salt restriction.I also used vegetable oil in place of place of peanut oil due to nut sensitivity and olive oil.

I use thin spaghetti, thin linguini, or angel hair for this recipe and my kids love it.  A good way to get them to eat their veggies!

I believe it would be less time consuming to make the veges together but other than that it was very good

This was very good! I added chicken, mushrooms, and water chestnuts. I also used pea pods instead of peas. This is one of those recipes that you can add your personal touch to or adjust based on what you have in the refrigerator!

This was a hit with everybody, even my 8 year old daughter who never eats anything! I changed the veggies to red onion, green beans, carrots, celery, and mix of orange, red and yellow peppers, just because that’s what I had in the fridge. I, also, added one chicken breast thinly sliced. In a wok, I cooked the eggs first and set them aside. Then boiled the noodles separately while I cooked all the veggies for few minutes in sesame oil, then added the chicken with some soy sauce and Asian seasoning. Once the chicken was cooked through, I added the drained noodles with seasoning packet and some more oil and cooked it all together for maybe 5 mins.Then added the egg back and stirred it in for another few minutes. Thanks for the versatile recipe!

Made this last night and it was delicious! I went vegetarian with yellow onion, red and green peppers, carrots, mushrooms, cabbage, ginger, garlic and lime zest. I would have liked to add snow peas, water chestnuts and bean sprouts but didn’t have any on hand. No need for so many pans, just removed veggies and scrambled 4 eggs and removed them as well. I used 3 packages of ramen noodles that I cooked at the end for 1 minute and immediately transferred to same sauté pan. I stirred the noodles with a little more sesame oil and 1 1/2 packets of seasoning and added back in the veggies and eggs. Added 1 Tbsp low sodium soy sauce that I stirred prior to cooking with 3 Tbsp Sambal Oelek, juice of 1 lime and 1 1/2 tsp of sugar. Topped our bowls with cilantro and peanuts. Hubby loved it and we have enough for lunch today! As long as the seasoning profile is right, the veggies don’t matter, just have some variation of color and crunch to go with the soft eggs and noodles.

Easy basic recipe.  Customize as you wish!

Would def make again. W eused soy sauce flavored ramen and added tofu. I suggest to add a crunchy veggie in like snow peas or water chestnuts

