This is great the way it is. I wish people would review the recipe not add there own sweet and sour version of it. Add a new recipe with your sweet and sour version. I think it inappropriate to add in the comments.
Thanks for your original recipe Mrs Wilson.

With everything that is wrong with this dish by including tomatoes, it did work, and got my Okey dokey as being "Just OK".

First time making this and followed some of the advice in comments: included garlic, red pepper, broccoli and pepper flakes (could’ve use more of those), but left out the tomatoes and used less mea, so had a higher ratio of veggies to meat. I also cut down on the sugar and used coconut sugar. Served it over a blend of brown, black and red rice (Lundberg). Turned out pretty good for first attempt. If I make it again I’ll use real ginger and not ginger powder, as I wasn’t really tasting the ginger and used more than called for.

I'm a chef and this is an excellent recipe. It could easily be featured on any  higher end restaurants menu. P.S. I agree with Zigster

awsome!

Kim, I have the same recipe, and I have made it for many, many years.  It is from a magazine, maybe Good Housekeeping, because I cut it out and use the cutout as my recipe (it's all taped over so I don't lose a word on it.  It is the best recipe ever!  I do double the

Thank You for taking the time to post this recipe. I was having a not so good day here in Mexico.In 2 days I will be driving up to Texas so I was fridge and freezer cleaning. When I had finished I had enough for everyone, and they were very grateful... Take Care..

The cook time was correct and the recipe was easy to follow but it was too sweet for us and needed something more flavor wise. Husband said it was good but I would not make again

Great flavor!  I added fresh mushrooms cut into quarters & used pre-made Thai noodles instead of rice.

Love this!!

It tasted just like my mom's used to. I didn't marinade the meat - I just mixed that up and added at the end so it was nice and saucy (boil for a minute or two to thicken).  I also added mushrooms because they make everything yummier!  Delicious, quick and easy!

