I like the ingredients but I thought it needed a little bit more to it.  So I also added ginger powder, kechup and fresh garlic.  My husband loved it and even my 3 year old ate his.

3 stars as is, but I made a bunch of changes and then they were awesome. 2 cups of soy sauce made it WAY too salty!!! and i  use low sodium soy sauce and put less than the full two cups but even so, it was HORRIBLY salty. I basically had to start over and this is how i made it: sautee 4-6 cloves of garlic, fresh ginger, sliced green onions, and 1-2 sliced jalapeno peppers in sesame oil. then add 1/2 c. soy sauce, 1 c. pinapple juice, and about 1/2 c brown sugar. add black pepper, red pepper flakes, white pepper, sracha sauce, and a little honey. at that pnt you can re-evaluate the soy sauce and add more if need be. i tossed my wings in this on the stove and allowed them to cook as the sauce caramelized on top of them. then took them out of the sauce and broiled them for 25 min, tossed them in the sauce on the stove again and let them cook on the stove for another 5 min, and then re-broiled for 10 minutes before serving. my wings were pre-cooked so you may need to broil for longer to cook through, but they cme out amazing

Of course as usual I made and sampled this dire recipe. Far, far too much sugar. 1 tsp is quite enough. 1.5 'cups' soy quite sufficient, if not less. Would not really bother again, very sadly. Additionally extremely salty.

Great flavor, but couldn't get crispy skin.  Next time I will pour off most of marinade before baking and/or try finishing on the grill.  Definitely worth a second try!

So awesome tasting ! I make these all the time. The taste is incredible !

Hubby and I did not care for these at all.  Tasted like chicken  dipped in soy sauce. Luckily a cut the recipe in half

ok

I followed the recipe and while I liked it, my housemate would have preferred it less sweet.

I used less soy sauce and diluted it a little with water and also marinated them for longer; these are delicious cooked on the grill!!

Delicious!!!! I added 3 Tsp’s of Chili Garlic Sauce for a little kick

Made these just as directed, with the addition of a can of pineapple chunks with the juice, but used the slow cooker.  Served them for my part of our annual Aloha poker run in our little Florida community. 

Not a single wing left over.  Thank you!

