We used ground beef sirlion, beef broth instead of water, a pinch of salt, Lawry's seasoning salt, Accent seasoning, onions, sesame oil, and added a combination of red and yellow bell peppers. Along with Minute Rice cooked in the remaining beef broth, this meal took at least 10 minutes instead of the five minutes suggested, but a quick meal regardless and very tasty! My hubby said it tasted like a lettuce wrap from PF Chang's ^_^

This was just OK. Personally I didn't like the taste of ground beef in a stir fry. Would prefer to make this with strips of beef.

This was very good. I added extra soy sauce like other reviewers and it made the difference.  I also added sesame oil because I love that flavor. Just be prepared that the prep was easy but it did take longer than I thought to get the cabbage and red pepper tender enough to eat.

I did add a little extra soy sauce and omitted the salt, very tasty.

Loved this quick and yummy recipe.  Swapped the peppers for water chestnuts and added some sausage to the hamburger. Next time will add some celery.  Delish!!

I love the outstanding Ease of prep, spectacular Flavor profile..

Yummy !  And easy!

This definitely a good base for a meal. I basically took all the comments suggestions. I added ginger, extra soy sauce, replaced the water with beef broth and increased the corn starch, added red pepper flakes, used sesame oil in place of vegetable, of course did the basic onion, garlic, salt, and pepper. I added in extra fresh garlic than what was recommended and also added in a purple onion. Oh I also added in some rice vinegar. It turned out so good.  I didn't really measure anything, I just added until it felt right and tasted good.

This is a great recipe and now one of my favorites.  It tastes delicious and is really healthy.  I add other veggies that I have on hand but even without those it still tastes great.  I serve it over steamed rice.

This recipe is simple and good for the soul! I used green bell pepper opposed to red and added chopped sweet onion while browning meat. Delish!

This recipe is very good. The only change I made was to use about half of the water and cornstarch mixture. The flavor was delicious and the colors make it very appetizing. Next time I will add some other vegetables, maybe some onion and thin sliced mushrooms. I served it on rice, but I think lo mein would also be an excellent choice. Good job Li-Ann!!

