My husband I ate these before we could even sit at the table. Instead of steaming/boiling them, I pan fried them in coconut oil. I heated the oil to a medium high heat so the beans would blacken a little bit. Once they were cooked (but still crunchy) I added the garlic (which became brown and crunchy) and immediately put in the sauce. I let it cook for less than a minute and put them in a sport dish. For the sauce, I didn't have ginger so I used ginger powder, I omitted the sesame oil since I fried them in coconut oil and used agave nectar in place of sugar. This will be a regular side dish/snack at our house!

I made it as written.  Wouldn't need to change a thing.  Lots of flavor.  We love spice and there was just enough.

Really delicious. Doubled the recipe and added some chili crisp for a kick. Definitely making again, easy and doesn’t take much time. Fresh ginger and garlic really make the difference.

Delicious and very easy to make. I made some substitutions and added other ingredientes. Rice vinegar and sesame oil are not staples at home so I used apple vinegar and sunflower oil instead. My additions were white cabbage and champignons. For sure, I´ll make this recipe again and I think it´ll be a good idea to try it with other veggis such as carrots and zucchinis. Thank you, Tasha!

I used all the ingredients listed in the recipe.  Since I prefer my green beans slightly crunchy, I used fresh beans and did NOT steam prior to cooking.  Adding the sauce mixture to my raw green beans allowed it to steam & cook to perfection for my taste.  I cooked this in my wok, over high heat, and stir fried the green beans until the sauce mixture evaporated and thickened enough to coat the beans.

Delicious.  I doubled the sauce  and added thinly sliced chicken and served over rice. Yum. I could eat this twice a week

Amazing, best recipe !  All the others use ingredients not readily available.  This recipe is super easy to make !  I’ve also used it for stirfrys!

Absolutely delish!

Absolutely awesome recipe.

These were wonderful!!! So close to some we had in a restaurant....we love heat, so I used Hot Sesame Oil.  The heat definitely came through. A Real Keeper recipe!!!!

