My family is chinese and owned a chinese restaurant and this is a certifiable great recipe! I make this all the time. I especially like the shrimp marinated in sherry and corn starch. Gives it a great flavor. Just as good as something my dad would make. Thanks for the recipe!

We followed the recipe but perhaps because we have no idea what Cantonese food is like, were disappointed.  It does look like the picture so there is no appetizing color to the dish.  I love lobster and if there was to be a taste like that, to me I missed it.  Over all bland and no special wow for us.

shrimps in lobster sauce all time favourite awesome recipe not hard to make and is just as good if not better than you get in a take away

The instructions were easy to follow.  End result is as good as, if not better than at the restaurant.   I used large shrimp so they didnt shrink down.  Cooked rice to go with it.  Will definitely cook this again.

The balance of sweet and salty was not there.  Need to work on the recipe.

Easy to make and  turned out great.  I have been searching for a recipe like this for a while. I hope I can find a Cantonese recipe for an authentic  sweet and sour recipe for sweet and sour duck. The breading on the one I grew up on was crispy and very dark in color on a chunk of pulled duck. Never been a le to find anything like it. Sadly the restaurant I grew up with has long since closed. If anyone knows of  a recipe similar please let me know. 
  TS

I was so disappointed. The addition of ground pork made no sense and in my opinion was unnecessary and ruined the dish. It would’ve been better to put carrots and some other vegetables in it.

I THINK IT CAME OUT PRETTY GOOD.  I MADE NO CHANGES EXCEPT I USED JUMBO SHRIMP.  IT HAS BETTER FLAVOR.  THE RECIPE WAS VERY EASY.

So yummy.  Didn’t change a thing. Hubby loved it and said put this on my favorite meals list.

More pork, 1 can Chicken & Rice Soup, dark rice wine vinegar at end 1 sliced scallion with the garlic

I have made this multiple times. It is just delicious. My mother thinks it’s better than the Chinese restaurant. The only tweaks I’ve made, I substitute dry vermouth instead of cooking sherry (I don’t keep that in the house), I use a pound of ground pork, as a 1/4 is just invisible and I use 2 eggs instead of 1. Also I add more garlic as we are garlic lovers. Otherwise, I use the recipe as is. If you love shrimp and lobster sauce as we do, you should try this recipe. Easy to make.

