If anyone in the US knows great Chinese food, it's New Yorkers, of which I proudly count myself. And this native New Yorker can tell you, this is hands-down the best lo mein I ever put in my mouth! The only changes I made are very minor. No red bell pepper because I'm allergic, and used pork, chicken, and shrimp in place of only pork (making this my own version of "house lo mein".) The flavor lingers pleasantly on the palate, and the sauce enrobes the linguine gently with no trace of gloopiness. Just the right hint of sweetness, not overpowering as so many are. It really doesn't  matter what protein you use. The sauce is a symphony of taste, which elevates anything you choose to feature. In my case, said choice was dictated by what was in my fridge. For the pork, I diced up 2 small boneless chops. Loved the liberal use of mushrooms. Bamboo shoots and/or water chestnuts could be successfully added, as well. This recipe needs no tinkering, however, to ensure a virtuosic blend of flavors. Phenomenal!

'Think this recipe is okay, but I prefer a more flavors in this type food - especially the sauce.  A good base & easily adjusted.  I used regular soy, but reduced to 1/4c.

Sauce has great flavor. I did use half soy sauce, half coconut aminos to cut the sodium, which affects it a bit, and it is delicious.

I doubled the sauce - glad I did - and it did seem a tad vinegary, so I added another teaspoon sugar. Next time I make it, and there will be a next time, I'll cut the vinegar down a bit. Great recipe. It will be fun to experiment with different veggies, etc.

This was a really good and  easy meal! Mine turned out a little salty, because I ran out of low sodium soy sauce and had to use about 1/3 regular. I changed up the protein (used chicken)  and vegs only because my husband won't eat mushrooms...but I think that's what makes a great recipe, easy to make it to your taste.

Yes I left out the mushrooms

It was soooo good! I made it for my husband and I for dinner and there wasn't a noodle left!

Excellent recipe. The only minor changes I made were doubling the sauce, as recommended in another review, and I use a lower sodium soy substitute. The next time I make it, my wife requested I double the amount of peppers.  And I will definitely be making it again.

I love pork Lo Mein.  The flavor of the sauce is great, with extra fresh ginger...perhaps just due to personal preference.  I did a 1 1/2 portion of the sauce and used about 1/4 c to marinade the bitesize sliced pork tenderloin for about 3 hours to assure that flavor.  I didn't add the green onion; I've never enjoyed that sharp distraction that seems to overwhelm the balance.  I will make this often.  Thanks for the share.

Delicious!   The fresh touch of ginger at the end was a perked up the flavor to 4 star.

i usually have pearl river soy in both the light and dark.  the light is more like low sodium.  but, i had run out so used the dark which is saltier as well as thicker.  so, i used about 1/8to 1/4 cup of that to 1/2 cup of water.  also, ran out of sesame so i put a teaspooon of chili paste and also celery and onions.  normally i use all fresh veggies but i wanted to try a frozen blend for the first time.  since frozen can throw a lot of water out i cooked the pork first, emptied the wok and then the veggies, pouring the sauce over the veggies at the last.  was really good. oh, and used traditional rice noodles but this would be good with crispy noodles as well.

