This was a great recipe.  I modified it by using left over pork and instead of peppers and mushrooms I used bean sprouts and green beans.  I would make this again using left over chicken or meat.  I sprinkled top with chow mein noodles.

I thought this recipe lacked flavor.  It was very bland.  None of my family cared for it and we usually love stir-fry recipes.

Easy and very tasty. My only changes were to add some matchstick-cut carrots and top with a few chow mein noodles. I’ll definitely make it again.

Made with the pork tenderloin & great. Did not have sherry, Bok Choy, mushrooms. Instead used carrots, celery, canned chop suet vegetables minus the liquid.   Will do the recipe next time with ingredients rec. Meat was tender. Much better than packaged chop suey meat.

I made this as stated but felt it needed something.  I think if I did it again I would marinade the pork for about 15 minutes in a mix about 1 T. soy sauce and a little pepper. Then I would add some garlic and ginger to the oil in the pan a few seconds before browning the pork strips. Then I would continue with the recipe leaving the garlic and ginger out of the broth/soy mixture. I also felt a about one or two tablespoons of oyster sauce in the broth mixture would give another depth of flavor. I did enjoy my meal, but would make these changes next time.

Used left over pork tenderloin just added meat at end great way to use a leftover and enjoy it in a tasty dish

I used the sauce part of recipe after having marinaded pork cutlets chopped up for an hr using just easy moo shu pork marinade on this site. Added snap peas, grated carrots and avocado, skipped cabbage.

Delish!!  Easy after all the slicing but worth it.

I believe in saying thank you when I find a recipe as good as this. Although, I will admit to tweaking it somewhat, it was top notch and very much enjoyed.  As I didn't have pork tenderloin, but did have boneless pork chops I cut them into bite sized pieces. I did not have the red bell pepper, nor the dry sherry, so I will have to remember to add both next time. I also added a third clove of garlic (personal preference) and bean sprouts. As my grandmother use to make chop suey when I I was growing up (and this was her secret ingredient), I added a 1 Tbs of molasses to the sauce. 
All in all a true success and a treat to watch the surprised looks on my family's faces. Will definitely by making again. Thank you for sharing this great dish!

2/14/21. This was my 3rd time making it and it was the best. For sure you need to double the sauce. I added a few drops of essential lemon oil to the sauce. First I cooked the oil with the garlic, then added the meat that was coated with flour and some corn starch. Next time I might add some orange extract. I forgot the chinese crunchy noodles on the top. Served it with rice and everyone loved it. Make sure to cut up the meat so it's bit sized and DONT overcook the meat.

This was wonderful.  I substituted fresh bean sprouts for bok Choy because my store did not have.  Added dried hot pepper flakes to spice it up.  Used left over pork tenderloin..  Simply amazing.   The sauce is what made it delicious!  Will make again and again.

