this was AWESOME!! word to the wise, its quite sweet, so if you dont like sweet, cut back on the sugar. we loved it!! flank steak was too expensive, so i substituted flap meat and it was so tender.served it over white rice. i also added chili garlic sauce to kick up the heat, maybe 2-3 Tbsp. loved the flavor combo spicy/sweet. thanks for a ridiculously easy and delicious recipe!!!

I made the recipe as written, minus half the amount of sugar... it ended up way too salty and the sauce was definitely abundant. I had doubled the recipe and added the onions in when there was only an hour left to cook - that way there was still a little bit of a crunch and the onions were all cooked through. I ended up adding in about a cup of water and some sesame oil to improve the flavor (too much hoisin sauce for me).

Very flavorful. Cut the brown sugar in half. Made with fried rice and added broccoli florets. Will put on my go to list

Solid recipe we enjoyed.

This had a very good taste. I used a choice grade chuck roast that weight about two pounds so doubled the ingredients. I did omit the sugar and also cooked the House Fried Rice to serve it over. We enjoyed it and I plan on making it again in the future. I was hesitant to do a Chinese dish in a slow cooker versus my Wok but it turned out fine.

Definitely not amazing but has potential to be. The flank steak was too tender for this, next time I’ll use a tougher cut. Too much sugar even though I halved it. Next time I will halve the hoisin sauce because it was too strong of a taste.

I made as directed, and it was very good but too sweet!  I used double the amount of beef and there was still plenty of sauce.  I will make again using 1/2 the amount of sugar and maybe throw in some vegetables the next time.  It smelled awesome while it was cooking!

Great flavor !  I didn't find the need to grill the beef before putting in cooker for 4 hours.  I also added in yellow and red bell pepper for color and served over spaghetti squash.  Tasted great !  Will make again.

4 hours on low is no way enough for this dish, needs 6 on low or 4 on high, however sauce was great I added the veg in the last hour.

My husband and I loved it! Next time I will reduce brown sugar to 1/4 c. It was a little too sweet.

This dish lacks balance. Because of the soy and hoisin sauce the dish will be salty. The hoisin sauce is already sweet then you add in the full 1/2 cup brown sugar...whoa sweet which in turn amplifies the saltiness.  I used reduced sodium soy sauce and cut the sugar to 1/4 cup; I didn't find it overly salty but I still found it too sweet. If I were to make it again (more likely I will find a new recipe instead) I will forgo the brown sugar all together and possibly use Tamari rather than soy sauce. I used thin sliced stew beef which did turn out very tender.

