A very tasty meal. The only change I made was to saute some carrot, onion, and Green pepper
after removing the pork and before adding the pineapple--reserving the veg, adding back in once the fruit was carmelized.
I made this dinner for two, and the amount of sauce was adequate. You may wish to increase the sauce ingredients for four.

This came out more spicy than sweet and sour. I'd probably make it again without so much of the hot sauce.

I've made this several times over the past few years. It's not traditional sweet and sour but, still delicious, easy and not loaded with fat.Thanks Chef John!

Eyeballed the sauce measurements and still turned out great! After resting the pork, I sliced it before adding back to the pan and really enjoyed the final outcome. I think I will add some of our favorite stir fry veggies next time. Delicious recipe.

Served this delicious dish for company tonight! I used 1 1/2 pork tenderloins for 6 people and doubled the sauce but used a 20 oz  can of pineapple. I also used sweet chili sauce in place of Sriacha.  I added carrots, peppers, and onion as other viewers suggested. It was a hit served over rice with a tossed green  salad and warm buttered Italian bread.

Loved the sauce! I doubled the amounts for the sauce and added more veggies. I put my black iron skillet with some olive oil on my outdoor grill and preheated it all up. I cooked the meat as directed   After removing the meat, I added four sliced carrots, cut in thick strips, layered several small red yellow and orange peppers, onions, snow peas and fresh mushrooms (all cut in nice chunks) and put the pineapple on top. I let the carrots sit on the bottom of the hot skillet for about five minutes before stirring all the veggies and continued cooking for about five more minutes. Add a little butter if needed.  I added the sauce as directed, cooked and  returned meat to pan to heat through. I served it over basmati rice. Very good. I will make this again. I think it would also be good with shrimp.

I added some chopped green peppers, chopped onions and chopped carrots after I removed the pork from the fry pan.  When they were partly softened, I removed from the pan before adding the butter and pineapple.  I added those veggies back in when I put in the sauce and pork (I cut into bitesize pieces while the veggies were cooking).  I served it over Jasmine rice.  Great recipe!

Loved it but I grilled the tenderloin and cut it into medallions before I put them in the sauce and I used crushed pineapple in the sauce in stead of chunks...  something a little diff...

I doubled the sauce part of the recipe including the pineapple chunks.  Probably the best sauce we’ve ever made!  Not too sweet and it was spicy.  Not your typical sweet/sour sauce.  We used the sauce for the next few days to dip egg rolls in and some in fried rice later too.  You could replace pork with chicken or beef. The sauce is amazing!!

yum! Made it with fresh pineapple, added onion, green pepper and carrots! subbed Lilly white corn syrup and water 50/50 for the canned pineapple juice. Turned out great!

Made the dish for 2 people using left over cooked pork tenderloin. Stir fried mix of veggies, peppers, onion, carrots, green beans then put them aside and followed the rest of the recipe adding them back in with the pork at the end. I made the sauce as with a few small changes. It was the perfect amount of sauce  for 2. I would double the sauce for 4 as stated in another review. Only added  1 tsp of hot sauce and no pepper flakes it was just the right amount of heat for us. Also grated the  1 clove of garlic and some ginger into the sauce mix before cooking. Served over Jasmine rice it was delicious.

