I used this recipe as a base for creating a great tasting egg roll.  I omitted the following: bamboo shoots, pork, MSG.  I used 8oz. fresh white button mushrooms, chopped, in place of the wood ear mushrooms.  I threw some shredded, cooked chicken in half the egg rolls.  I didn't refrigerate the cabbage mixture until cold (didn't leave myself enough time for this step.)  I used an ice cream scoop to put a small pile on each egg roll wrapper and then wrapped and fried as directed.  These had a great flavor - my husband said they were better than he's had in a Chinese restaurant and our 2 1/2 year old son loved them too.  We could have eaten the whole batch (it made about 18 egg rolls,) but we showed some restraint and I froze the rest.  They re-heat great in the oven (still crisp!)

These were pretty good.  The filling was a little bland so before filling them I added a little bit of powdered ginger.  That helped a lot.  We fried half of them and baked half of them sprayed with PAM.  The fried ones were better and had the restaurant-style texture.  The baked ones were good too just a little too crispy.  However, since we are not big fans of frying food next time we will probably bake them all since they were still pretty good.  These freeze well too.  We did freeze some that were uncooked and baked them the other night.  I would recommend seperating them with parchment or wax paper before freezing otherwise they will stick together.  Thanks for the recipe.

followed recipe instructions exactly. my wife's coworkers ask to make them all the time. great recipe!!!

Didn’t have bamboo shoots or mushrooms but delicious anyway!!

Interesting. Our Chinese neighbors say egg roll wrappers are an American invention. They make scrambled egg crepes, roll up the filling, (thus the name egg roll), dip them in tempura batter and fry.

Very Good and easy to make. My husband says they are the best egg rolls he has had in the area. Makes a great dinner.

So good! I did change a little bit but kept the directions the same. Used fresh bean sprouts for the shoots and chopped shrimp for the meat. Couldn't find the mushrooms called for so used a rehydrated shiitake. I added a bit of hoisin and oyster sauce with the low sodium tamari (vs soy).  And threw in some chopped cilantro because I had it. Will make these again. I like the way you make everything ahead of time, so it makes dinner appear simple. Thank you for a fantastic recipe!

Had no idea packaged egg roll wrappers and MSG existed 300 years ago.. great recipe, solid egg rolls and some Chinese history. Win, win, win!

Omitted bamboo shoots and MSG. Used ground pork instead of roasted and subbed chopped shiitake mushrooms instead of dried woodear mushrooms. Really good!! Deep fried the first 6 but changed gears halfway through and pan fried the rest instead. Doing so absorbed less grease and we liked the texture better. It also cooked quicker! Would absolutely make again! Personal preference; next time would add onions, garlic and ginger. Still delicious and husband and I enjoyed very much! Thank you!

Most suspicious recipe ever.

Aside from the 300 year old recipe thing, these did taste like the real thing invented in NYC during the 1930’s. I doubled the MSG, because go big or go home. It’s an egg roll people, cutting a couple of corners is like smoking half a cigarette instead of the whole thing. It doesn’t make it “healthier”.

