To freeze them....this is what i do.
take a cookie sheet or whatever that covers a large surface and is flat (but make sure it fits in your refrigerator)and put the fresh dunpings on the sheet, making sure that the dumpings do not touch. then freeze them until they are rock hard. now just remove them and throw them into a bag to put in a freezer, etc. to cook: boil water and put these frozen dumpings in. boil until soften (and make sure the filling is cooked of course)

If you mix equal amount of shrimp, add finely chopped shitake mushrooms and waterchestnuts and mix with sesame oil and some oyster sauce, it boosts the flavour a whole lot.

We loved these!I "jazzed" the recipe up a bit by using:Napa cabbage2.5lbs ground porkWhite pepperAnd one tablespoon sesame rice vinegar for a little kick!Made a homemade dipping sauce!!!SO GOOD!!!!!!!

This recipe was almost vegan to me the pork added in was very little I suggest adding more pork to it other than that it was sooooo good

These are delicious but they are time consuming to assemble! I made a half recipe and this was more than enough for dinner for my husband and I - great heated for leftovers the next day for lunch! My wonton wrappers didn't always stick together when folded but the taste was great. I don't have a steam pot so I fried them to a crisp in the skillet, then added water to steam them.  Excellent and they look impressive but I'm not likely to make these often due to the work involved. - Jan '23

the recipe was nice but when i made it didn't go well but thats to blame me so yea. nice recipe though :)

Recipe was very easy to make. I did substitute Bok Choy for the Chinese cabbage and it was delicious. The second to be we used the Chinese cabbage and the taste was so so. Needed a kick off something. Overall we'll keep trying different proteins and continue to bring up the spice level.

Really bland on its own, the sauces don't add much to the dumplings I find. They just taste like pork. I'll be trying what some of the other users suggested in the comments to add a little bit more taste.

I added shrimp.

Good Recipe! I used ground chicken instead of pork. I sautéed the veggies first in olive oil and sesame oil and I added diced mushrooms. I seasoned my chicken with chili flakes, soya sauce, grated ginger and Chinese garlic hot sauce. I took the veggies off the stove and added the chicken.  I then moved the mixture to a bowl and added the egg. They turned out amazing!! Soooo flavourful wowzers.

I love this but it takes a long time to prep

