I'm the recipe author and I love this recipe so much, and hope that you will, too. Shichimi togarashi is a Japanese seven-spice blend which includes ground red pepper...you can sub with any ground red pepper, like cayenne. Using the Japanese version gives it a different type of spicy flavor, but it will essentially be very similar. There's another spice called Ichimi togarashi, which is just ground red chile pepper. Please comment with any questions or let me know what you think!

Bang Bang Chicken is an cold dish of poached shredded chicken, julienned cucumber and a spicy sauce made from light soy sauce, black vinegar & seasame + chilli oils sprinkled with lots of sichuan peppercorn. 

This is absolutely NOTHING like Bang Bang Chicken at all not even a little bit, this is fried chicken in some sort of nasty made up sauce with Korean & Japanese ingredients. Luckily my friend kept the sauce and chicken separate so we were just able to eat the fried chicken by itself.

Fantastic and really easy - added 1 TBSP rice flour which keeps batter crispy even when cool and dredged rather than plastic bag - added chilli flakes but otherwise followed to the letter - not authentic bang bang?  get over it! It's banging chicken and the authentic recipe sucks

I made this recipe with a few tweeks such as adding more seasoning to the dry ingredients. A little cayenne pepper, garlic powder, and Asian five spice.  The people who commented this isn't the authentic recipe must not have paid attention to the authors description that this is an American recipe with some Asian flavors/ingredients to mimic a popular dish offered in  restaurants here in America. Many US Asian inspired restaurants (not the traditional ones) offer this popular dish. Sort of like how fortune cookies are offered but are also not from China. Overall, this recipe was great and my high school culinary students had fun making it as a non traditional but fun fusion of Asian spices assignment.

It was really good 😋

Very good seasoning. The crispy factor was spot on!

We loved it.

This was spectacular. The chicken was extra crispy as promised and the sauce was delish. The next time I make this I will double the sauce to have some to pass around the table.

This looks quite tasty. But Bang Bang Ji is traditionally made with a spicy sesame paste (or peanut-butter) sauce -- essentially the same sauce one would use when making cold sesame noodles (Dan Dan Mein) . The chicken is cooked (boiled, roasted or baked) in large pieces without any sort of batter or coating,  It is then chilled to room temperature, any skin is removed,   whereupon it gets  hacked into bite-size pieces (bones and all) or hand-shredded (like pulled pork). The chicken pieces are served atop a bed of bean thread or transparent vermicelli and topped with  a generous amount of the spicy sesame paste sauce (infused with soy sauce, green onions, ginger. garlic, and  hot oil or chili paste (la dou-ban jiang), and garnished with sliced or diced cucumber -- rhe entire dish cold or at room temperature.  Ii is very refreshing dish for a hot summer day, and much more flavorful than the ubiquitous Chicken Caesar Salad.

I followed the recipe including using the specific specialty spices. I expected this to have a kick but there is no spice heat to it at all; I would prefer one. The sauce is tasty but a bit sweet. I did not put all the sauce on the chicken instead drizzling the chicken with it and offering the rest as a dipping sauce. The sauce is more of an orange color rather than the brown in this picture. My family loves this and asked for it to go in rotation.

I loved the flavor of the double fried chicken, however I really didn't like the addition of mayonnaise in an Asian inspired dish.

