Great orange flavor - tastes similar to restaurant Crispy Orange Chicken. The following changes should improve texture...
After frying chicken keep warm on baking sheet in oven. Reduce cornstarch to 2 tsp. and dissolve in 1 Tbsp. water before wisking into boiling sauce. Transfer chicken to serving platter and pour sauce over all.  Don't heat chicken in sauce or crispy coating will flake off into sauce. Broccoli, sweet peppers, carrots, snow peas, and/or scallions would be nice - may need extra sauce if adding veggies.

I made this yesterday but, althoough I adjusted the cornstarch amount, we didn't care that much for the sauce. The marinated chicken was very good but all in all, too much work for the so-so result!

Delicious!  Made as written, plus a spoonful of OJ concentrate because we like bold flavor. This did not overpower the garlic and ginger. Marinated the chicken for about 4 hours. Thanks to the cook who suggested pouring the sauce over the chicken when serving. None of the coating fell off.

Have made this so many times and it's always a hit.

Well to say this dish was a hit would be an understatement. Everyone loved it. There were no left overs. I think it would work well with tofu. I added a touch of Sriracha sauce. Thank you for this recipe.

I made this recipe yesterday, marinated overnight.  It does have a wonderful orange flavor but the sauce looks gelatinous and is rather gross looking.  It also takes away the crispiness of the chicken so a good recipe but the sauce needs some tweaking.  Probably won't go through the hassle of making this again, it's worth it just to buy from the Chinese restaurant.

Followed the recipe close. Family loved it. Not difficult but is time consuming.

This was a big hit with my family! I reduced the sauce a bit before adding any of the slurry and the orange flavor was intense. I topped with some toasted sesame seeds and made some "Mall Fried Rice" to go with, and it was like I was in the food court.

I made it as is, and we loved it. Wouldn’t change a thing.

Very good recipe Harry!! Followed exact but used 1TBLS orange concentrate vs juice. Only change - if I could go back, is do in two batches. I saw a reviewer after the fact state that it didn’t get as crispy with the full amount and I have to agree. Served with rice and Stir Fry Cabbage from this site.  Would and will make again. Thank you!

I used pork tenderloin instead of chicken and it was delicious.

