I am of chinese descent and these are great!  I grew up going to authentic wonton noodle houses and also helped my parents make them at home too.  The wontons must be cooked in boiling water separately and then served with chicken stock.  I have made these many times and different variations.  Usually, I will substitute diced shitake mushrooms (soaked for several hours) in place of the shrimp and serve them with campbells chicken broth.  This time, I followed the recipe but also added a bit of wood fungus too (soaked a few hours & sliced finely -- it's also put in hot and sour soup).  I make a big batch and freeze for later.  Frozen wontons make a quick and wonderful meal for those nights you feel like you can only boil water!

i did not like this recipe. the wonton soup didn't really taste like the one in the restaurant. and i did follow the recipe like it says. don't like it

It it really good but it could use a little bit more flavor, but anyone could add that lol

Broth needs much more than chicken stock, needs some soy ginger and garlic. Wontons also ended up a bit dry.

You don't want to chop the pork, using ground is much better.  There is no sesame oil nor cornstarch in the recipe..there needs to be some, to get a more authentic flavor.  Using plain chicken stock, is another problem!  This is not authentic tasting at all!

Excellent!!!!

Great as Is!

Tastes just like my mom's! My mother used ground pork instead of pork loin, and also added a tiny bit of oyster sauce to the pork mix. I followed some other reviews as well and placed the finished wontons in chicken stock. This recipe is spot on!

I added minced garlic, finely diced carrots and pepper.  Also substituted ground pork.    Excellent.    Freeze raw  won-tons on foil, then freezer bag.

The filling was not very good. I followed the recipe but the pork and shrimp mixture was coarse and overpowered the delicate wonton wrappers. The base of the soup was delicious, I need to find a better meat filling.

A lot of work, but worth it!

