I simply love Gai Lan.  It is one of the best veggies I've ever had.  I have found it at Chinese and Vietnamese markets, but usually I get it at the China Market near my house. It's bitter so ends up going really well with a sweeter sauce.  This recipe is VERY close to what I usually do so I feel justified in reviewing it.  When I blanch my gai lan, I put in a teaspoon of salt, teaspoon of baking soda and a thick slice of ginger (or some bottled minced is good too) in the water.  For the sauce I like using some oyster sauce so it's half hoisin/half oyster.   (I use vegetarian oyster sauce purchased at the Chinese market).  I've also left out the oil and been fine, but the oil is good too.  Other than that my recipe is pretty much the same.  You could do less garlic if you don't like it, but I love garlic.

I would describe the sauce as a sweet-and-sour sauce, which my boyfriend did not like at all.  He prefers his veggies with more of a savory sauce, so this wasn't a winner for us.  Also, the sauce was very, very thick.  I had to add water to keep it from turning into jello.  I think it might be because I used a prepared hoisin sauce from the grocery store instead of the regular kind you get at the asian market, which has the consistency of soy sauce.

A little sweet but the rice vinegar added a little bite to it. Tastes like a home made version of many sauces you get in Chinese food. Easy to make.I did separate the stalks from the leaves and, chopped them up in one inch pieces and boiled separately. The stalks took almost 8 minutes, but the leaves should be blanched (one minute tops) or they will shrivel down to nothing.Will make again.

I was making Firecracker Shrimp by Juliana Hale from this site and wanted a broccoli side to accompany it. Found this and had all the ingredients except the Gai Lan so I used regular broccoli instead. It was really, really good! Would like to try again with the intended vegetable. Glad I found and this is a keeper. Thanks Somer!

I had never prepared Chinese broccoli before. I'm glad I tried it! This recipe tastes like something you'd get in a restaurant. I was able to find Chinese broccoli at my local Asian supermarket (H-Mart). Cook time was spot-on. The sauce was very flavorful. I'd make this again!

Turned out well with what we had on hand. Modifications: 1 tsp toasted sesame oil, 1Tbsp sugar, 1/2 tsp powdered ginger, 1 Tbsp champagne vinegar. Add water when done to bring to desired consistency. Served over fresh broccoli pan fried with a touch of olive oil and salt.

Everybody loved it!

This is a very tasty recipe. I steamed the broccoli and followed the recipe for the sauce  I simply pour the sauce over the broccoli and served.

I added 1 chopped green pepper, 1/2 cup baby carrots, changed soy sauce to 1/3 cup and added 1 cup of chicken broth. Was really good! The red pepper flakes really added zing to this dish.

Very good but the sugar is not needed as the hoisin has sugar. I had to add some water to the sauce because it was very thick.

Love it and even better, my veggie hating boyfriend loved it.  The sauce was a bit thick so either less cornstarch needed or a tiny bit of water... but the taste was amazing.

