I have done this several times, perfectly following the recipe the first time, then throwing rules out and following only the second HALF of the recipe after. I have subbed, omitted, or added as I found differences in my pantry from what the recipe calls for. I give this a 5 star rating based not only on the recipe but also on the friendliness with which it accepts adaptation. We now use plain sauteed chicken breast chunks, no frying required, remove them from the skillet, start the sauce, toss them back in at the end. After doing it the "right" way I can honestly say this recipe is also perfect the way we do it now, and has gone from a time-consuming Sunday dinner to a quick weeknight prep that my family requests frequently. We have even had it two nights in a row by demand! And there have NEVER been leftovers. *^_^* I double sauce too, it's what I eat over rice now, since after dishing up for two boys, a teenage girl, a very hungry man, and a baby girl who likes EVERYTHING, there's not much LEFT but sauce! We love it. I hope it might save some time for others who are put off by the double fry, to know it's perfectly delicious done this way. It saves time, fat (!), and the individual ingredients each still shine. Thanks for sharing this with us ChefDaddy!

This recipe is VERY time consuming, however try "frying" using this method for "sweet/sour chicken" recipe-(Combine 2 &1/4 cup flour, 2tbsp oil, 2tbsp cornstarch, 1/2 tsp salt, 1/4 tsp white pepper, & 1 egg mix well. Add 1 & 1/2 cups water gradually to make a thick batter. Stir to blend thoroughly. Add chicken & stir until chicken is well coated.Heat oil in skillet/wok to 360 degrees F. Fry chicken in hot oil 10 minutes, or until golden. Remove chicken, and drain on paper towels. No double frying. Note: if you use org. recipe the chicken will stick to itself when put in the batter so toss quickly or coat chicken in a ziploc bag with cornstarch a few at a time. then place in single layer on baking sheet til ready to fry. I did TRY to use org. recipe (doubled the sauce) but I did not have peanut "oil" & used 2tbsp of peanut butter & that was a mistake. Even after cooking for 4 mins on med-high the peanut butter taste was very over powering. this was not hot at all, therefore next time I will add 1 tbsp of sriracha chili sauce for flare and I will definitely use the other batter for frying. Plus I will make sure to have peanut "oil". we used exactly 52 pieces for 5 grown ups (3 of them having seconds) and that was perfect with none left over. Helpful hint: measure everything out earlier in the day and put in small bowls. It took 20 min to chop,mince,and measure everything out and 30 minutes to fry & re-fry using org. recipe. Definitely leave plenty of time for this dish.

This is a very good recipe, just watch your heat when you sauté the green onions, garlic, peppers & orange peal. I couldn’t find any dried red chilies so I substituted red pepper flakes and they worked well. I didn’t have any thigh meat so I used boneless breast meat. I served this over rice and steamed broccoli as suggested. Definitely a make again & again & again….

A-M-A-Z-I-N-G

I followed the recipe directions carefully, and the results were great tasting chicken. I gave some to a friend, and she agreed, and said that I was becoming an adventurous cook.  The ingredients were relatively easy to find (except for sesame oil), and I just followed the steps to success.

Thank you for this! It is wonderful. I'll be making it often. I prefer breast meat to thigh so used that instead and it was the best I've ever had!

Amazing!!  We couldn't find the dried red chilies but substituted with red pepper flakes.  This recipe is better than a few local restaurants we've ordered General Tso's from - excellent flavor.  It's a keeper!!

i think you should grate the orange small and cut the chilies open, go easy on the salt . i only fried it once and it was tender and crunchy

I added cayenne to the breading mix and more crushed red pepper, along with the chilis. As is, this recipe is "safe" in that its really not spicy.I really enjoyed the orange peel and I think I'd add more next time, cut into strips. Jalapeno would be great, too.I used thickened black bean soy sauce and this was great as I didn't need to use cornstarch.I'd make it in a larger batch just for leftovers. Worth the effort.

This is my go-to recipe when I am craving Chinese food. This is way better than take-out. The only thing I have changed is to add some diced celery to the onion and garlic when making the sauce just to get in a few more veggies and have some extra crunch.

This is THE recipe!  Absolutely worth the time and effort.  Thank you for sharing!!

