I thought this was very good.  but to the others out there criticizing recipes on this site, cant criticize accurately if you change the original recipe.  makes no sense to say its bad or wasnt very good, if you dont first try it the way its supposed to be, because it might have been your changes that made it worse.

This was good.  I used pre-cubed beef from the grocery to save time.  Doubled the sauce to compensate for lots of veggies we were adding.  Used 1/3 cup fresh OJ and a few TB of marmalade instead of the concentrate and zest.  I needed to add cornstarch to the sauce at the end because it would not thicken, and that worked, but in the meantime caused the beef to overcook.  Other than that a very tasty dish.  Oh, had a very hard time making the beef "crispy."

Very delicious and tastes just like what you would get at a restaurant. Only downside is that this recipe is a lot of work.

Like it very much .I did change the concentrated orange to a fresh orange squeezed to make 2\3 cup. I also used a cheaper cut of roast sliced in thin strips and it was as also fine

Excellent.  I think i might use cornstarch to thicken the sauce next time as my kud wasn't hot in the texture if the meat.  I also added a tbsp of chili paste and sone canned mandarin oranges.  Yum

Delicious!!  I did a couple of minor changes that others recommended.  I used 1/3 cup orange juice (instead of concentrate), and added 1 tsp of sesame oil.  The sauce is beyond amazing.

It came out perfect and delicious exactly as you listed the recipe. Wonderful job!

yum! this was delicious! worth the time making orange zest & fresh minced garlic. added a bit of crushed red pepper flakes...

My wife and I made this. I bought her a wok for Mother's Day. Great recipe. We will make it again.

Delicious! I took the zest of a large orange, then used the juice from it instead of frozen concentrate. It was about 4-5 tbsp. of juice, so probably about equal to the 2 tbsp of concentrate. I also added about 2 tsp red pepper flakes to the zest/garlic/ginger step when making the sauce for added zip.

I used a pound of shaved beef from our grocery store- so thin I feared it would be a disaster! I shook in cornstarch and laid flat to “dry” while I chopped everything else. Followed the recipe exactly with a few exceptions- I used half the sugar as suggested by others, and a dash of dried red pepper flakes. Used a tablespoon of peanut oil with a drop of sesame oil for frying.

