yum!  i used cornstarch instead of the flour it called for and it worked just as well.  instead of boiling the pecans in sugar water, try toasting them in a sauce pan with 2 tbsp of butter and then 2-3 tbsp of brown sugar.

The question of authenticity is difficult because of regional variations.  I would say that this recipe is not what I would prefer.  It's too greasy and too sweet.  My preferences run toward light, flavorful, subtleties, and this dish, as listed, does not fulfill that requirement.  A far better method for treating shrimp in this manner is the standard wash of the walnuts in 1 cup of water and 1/3 cup of sugar.  Forget the egg white batter--it brings the wrong texture to this dish.  Instead, a very light egg wash with corn starch and panko is spot on, and the dip should be made minus the condensed milk with a very small touch of pressed garlic, so that you have what is essentially a very lightly touched aioli sauce with a honey sweetened linger on the palate.  That's the way you improve on what has been lost in translation.

Great and easy!

So good and tasty!

It was delicious.  My kids love Panda’s Honey Walnut shrimp and they devoured these shrimp.The only changes I made was to lightly salt the shrimp before dipping them in the batter.  Also, I didn’t have glutinous rice flour so I used regular rice flour and two tablespoons of corn starch.  My batter was a little thick so I also added a couple tablespoons of water.

Being lactose intolerant I figured out why I would become "ill" after eating this at a restaurant.....the sweetened condensed milk!  My comment here is directed to the small amount of sweetened condensed milk used.  It is not reasonable to use only 2 tablespoons and open an entire can and waste the remainder.  It is not a common ingredient in other recipes.

Soo... the only honey that I had was the Langnese Acacia honey.. and OMG... I absolutely LOVE it and can't get out of it.. Thank you so so much for this recipe, I can't wait to have my family try this too. :")

I didn’t have condensed milk so I used coconut water with the mayo and honey, also added about 1 TBSP of sugar.Didn’t have walnuts so used pecans.Didn’t have rice flour so used tempura batter with the egg whites.Overall it came out the same as I have had in restaurants! I was impressed with myself.

This recipe is sweet and tasty but only works good as a side dish.

i  have made this several times  it is delicious!

This was pretty good. I made the shrimp in the air fryer instead of the pan fry in oil. I did 400 degrees for 7 minutes and they had the perfect crunch and flavor! The sauce is pretty good too but I think I used too much mayonnaise cuz I could still taste it. My one complaint is when I mixed the egg whites and mochiko for the fry batter it came out as more of a dough than a paste, and I couldn't coat the shrimp well enough. Overall I liked it, and I would definitely make it again.

