This was great. Instead of pouring heated oil over the fish at the end, I mixed it with the soy sauce warmed it (not to the point that it smoked) and poured it on once the fish was cooked. I hate it when oil splatters and this avoided that mess.

Caution: First, steam fish, drain plate of water completely, then cut 2" scallion lengthwise very thin, ginger likewise in 2" long thin matchstick size and scatter over fish.  Heat oil and pour over scallion, ginger, and fish.  NOW pour on soy sauce.  Pouring 400+ degree oil into water-based liquid is a recipe for disaster!

Loved it.

First time making steamed fish. Usually Chinese Restaraunt's make it.

I did not have a ceramic dish so I used a liner in the bamboo steamer and that worked just fine.  Served it with coconut rice and bok choy sauteed with ginger, garlic and soy sauce.  Just an excellent meal.

Cooked for less time than recipe called for and was a bit over cooked. Very strong ginger taste. Overall tasty.

Incredible recipe, but so few reviews!  It is fresh tasting, healthy, simple, yet exotic!  My 1.25 lb. halibut fillet steamed in about 11 minutes.  As others have noted, any firm fish would work well, as long as it is thick enough.  Next time, cod!  You MUST try this wonderful fish recipe!

Very easy.  Used the  recommendations of others about the steamer

Absolutely love this recipe and will make it again....next week!  The halibut was so moist and tender. The only change I made was to mix the oils with the soy sauce and green onions bring it to a boil, removed and spooned it over the fish.  I julienned the ginger as pictured and did not mince it as directed in the recipe. I used a vegetable steamer to steam the fish.

Living in an area with many good Chinese restaurants I love to eat good Chinese style steamed fish.  Followed this recipe to the letter and it came out as good as I've had. Most of the restaurants I go to use cod or sea bass or my favorite mullet but I used what I had which was Tilapia and it tasted great. I noticed a number of caveats from reviewers about the hot oil but my steamer basket is quite deep so I had no problem with spatter.

Very yummy, healthy and easy! It nails all my requirements so it's a do-over for me. My picky daughter loved it too. Only thing I would do differently is not leave the fish sitting in the extra sauce for long as the fish soaked it up and became too salty.

