Loved the way the chicken turned out. Super light and crunchy. Refrigerated leftovers retained their crisp coating and were just as delicious days later. I found that 1/2 cup of water was not adequate and recipe required adjustment to achieve that "creamy" consistently to evenly and easily coat the chicken. I'll definitely use this recipe again and will also use it for pork.

I made these tonight and they came out excellent. I followed the recipe as written. The breading is fantastic and I can see using that for other dishes. Served with homemade sweet and sour sauce. Will definitely make this again. Thanks for posting.

First attempt; I learned when cooking with oil, start your heat on LOW. I cranked it up way too high thinking I wanted it to bubble before I put the chicken in the pot. Let’s just say my first few pieces came out ummmm....extra crispy. Like not edible type of crispy. I removed the pot from the heat and turned it down a bit. The rest came out fine. 
Infobit number two: I think the amount of chicken could have been scaled back a bit. Maybe a pound and a half would be sufficient for three or four people. 
Overall, I was pleased. I wish I would’ve had some sweet and sour sauce but I had to settle for soy and teriyaki baste.

Made this many times. Throw all your other batter recipes away, this one is the best!

We made this as directed and they turned out great. Will do again for sure!

my family and friends loved it so much. Better then what you get in most chinese restaurants.  I froze the leftovers .

Loved the way the chicken turned out. Super light and crunchy. Refrigerated leftovers retained their crisp coating and were just as delicious days later. I found that 1/2 cup of water was not adequate and recipe required adjustment to achieve that "creamy" consistently to evenly and easily coat the chicken. I'll definitely use this recipe again and will also use it for pork.

absolutely loved this recipe. i did however add some garlic powder and smoked paprika to give them a bit of flavour. i have used this as well for battered fish and was amazing!!

Delicious!! We served with our own sweet and sour and it was a huge hit

This turned out better than most chicken balls we've had at restaurants! Huge hit! I just entered 5 for serving size. It made the adjustments for me! I cut the chicken into 1 1/4" cubes. Deep fried 5 minutes.

