Wonderful recipe.  I parboiled the ribs first and them marinated them overnight.  I skipped the water in the pan part.  Lined a pan with foil and cooked them at 325 for about an hour and half, basting every 1/2 hour.  They were wonderful, fell of the bone.  This recipe is a keeper.

These didn't work out for me.  They were dry and tough.  It may have been that there wasn't enough meat on the bones of the spareribs that I chose.  Maybe I should have cooked them less, but spareribs always have to be cooked long in order to have them fall off the bone, so I didn't want to do that.  The flavor was pretty tasty though.

I loved this recipe and I have been making these fof a long to d and I did change it up a little bit .. so instead of the hoisin sauce I used honey and I made thesauce thick and I literally just through it the oven at 400 it's pork .. and I covered it with tin foil and just let it for a couple of hours and it came out juicy and falling off the bones so good .. thanks

Easy and tasty.

EXCELLENT...must keep basting...and i followed step 2 of placing in broiler...recipe didn't specify so i put on bake at 325 as directed but to get glaze at end, i broiled and kept turning them

I will never buy ribs from my takeout place again. (Sorry Lucky Inn). The recipe is relatively easy with ingredients available from my local supermarker. 
I used Mirin instead of the Sake and par boiled them before marinating them. I didn't use the water/pan but baked them and finished them off under the broiler. Fabulous recipe!

The ribs taste great. Will try BBQ next time and add some spicy heat.

I made  these for a small gathering with my husband's cousin. Rave reviews. Definitely will make again. The only thing I did different was use one clove garlic more. Yummy. Thx!

I will definitely make these again. I doubled the recipe to make enough for two racks of ribs. I added a tsp of chili flakes and 2 tbsp of corn starch. 
Also, I included 4 pieces of zucchini cut as a 1"x3" rectangles in the marinade and these took on the flavors wonderfully.  Tofu would also make a logical vegetarian substitution.

Made these last night along with Thai Brussel sprouts.  Kind of a fusion meal, but both were very good!!

I loved the taste. But I did modify a but. I added a little food coloring of red and orange for traditional Chinese restaurant style look and 40mins of cooking was not nearly enough. It was still raw on the inside. After I cut it, I still baked it an additional 40 mins while still turning and glazing in between turns. Came out to be medium rare (145°) which was perfect for me. Next time I will probably up the amount of honey and a dash more of five spice.

