Please note that the Chinese "dark/black" soy sauce is VERY different than the "light/regular" one. The dark soy has a sweeter flavor, while giving the color to the egg. It's not salty at all. So the "regular" soy sauce is actually the wrong one to use.

I fudged a bit and only used water, soy, Wort. sauce and tea leaves. Make sure the cracks in the eggs break the thin membrane between the shell and the egg otherwise you won't get the marbling.

My husband came back from Hong Kong and wanted me to make him tea leaf eggs.  I never heard of them but, sure enough, AR had a recipe.  Followed recipe, with no changes, and they turned out wonderful.  He loves them and they're a breeze to make.  Highly recommend!  Thanks AR for coming to my rescue.

I made a smaller batch of two eggs, but the tea mixture ran out of liquid and burned into the pot. Maybe if I did it according to recepie, it would have turned out better.

An excellent recipe for traditional style tea eggs!  I like the addition of the Black soy sauce.  I have always used five-spice powder in mine instead of anise pods, but this is wonderful.

Here is how to make black soy if you can't find it. 3/4 C yield. 1/4 C water, 2/3 to 1 C dark brown sugar,1/2 C soy sauce. Reduce to a glaze.

I love these eggs! I used to eat one every morning when I lived in China! This recipe is a good one, but I'm finding it hard to recreate the exact flavor of the eggs. I also didn't use the black soy sauce because I couldn't find it anywhere, but i added in some sugar to counteract the saltiness of the recipe. Although I didn't actually think they were as salty as some people seemed to think. I'm made these twice now and I will definitely continue to make them in the future. They are a nice change from regular hard boiled eggs. Now all I need is some pickled bamboo and rice porridge and I'll be back in China!

Quite bland. I know the taste is supposed to be subtle but there was really no discernable taste. I followed the recipe almost exactly (used orange zest instead of tangerine).  I can see using this recipe to make deviled eggs - they would be beautiful.

i have made these for years and love them, adding the anise, cinnamon and lemon  was great.

Pretty to look at.  A lot of work.

The patterns that emerge on these eggs are beautiful and unique they have a very interesting taste, too. I'm glad I remembered this recipe in time for Easter. I think my young daughter will enjoy cracking the shells and then eating the eggs later!

