Made dough exact to recipe. Dough came out really nice.   Only addition I made was one egg to filling mixture after watching a lot of other videos. Filling was very tasty. I used a little less ginger because my boyfriend is sensitive to the ginger flavor. Will definitely make again. It was a fun group activity to fill and pinch dumplings

Me and my fiance doubled this recipe because it doesn't say that it makes like 24 of them. We doubled the dough as well and yet there was a good portion extra filling, even though we filled them pretty full. Good recipe but we accidentally made like 48 because the yield wasn't given and there's too much filling.

Well that was fun. I made the recipe only adding a little bit of sesame oil. But I would suggest spraying a pan not flouring it.  The pot stickers stuck to the flour and I doused with too much water the first time.  Who knew that if there was air in the pot sticker they would turn into little jelly fish!   Will be trying this one again. The bonus was I could eat several that didn’t turn out right away.

Didn't use rolling pin , put balls in my tortilla press. Perfect 3 1\2 inch disk and much quicker.

Says yields 32 dumplings, but 6x4 is 24, no? Lol am I missing something? Anyway, these turned out great! Better than takeout since they were nice and crispy. I ended up using ground turkey because I didn't have pork on hand and honestly I didn't miss it! Tasted just as good.

This recipe sucked. wasted so much food for this too. three tablespoons of ginger was wayyy too many. if i could give it zero stars, i would.

Chicken instead of pork

I followed the recipe with three exceptions based on comments I read. I used only 1 T fresh ginger and added about  1/4 cup chopped shiitake mushrooms. I also made a double batch of dough.  I had enough filling for 44 potstickers. I overloaded them a bit on the filling and could  easily have made 48. If you make one batch of dough (24 potstickers) I recommend cutting all of the filling ingredients in half. I used a 15 oz pre-seasoned garlic teriyaki pork tenderloin I found in the back of my freezer.

Great recipe! I mixed and matched from a few different ones. I like the cooking method described here. I was having trouble with them sticking to the pan. I've also noticed it helps to keep moving them the first few minutes they are on the pan to prevent the sticking.

If you have leftover filling, form into small balls and freeze. Good addition to ramen noodles. No need to defrost just simmer them 5-8 min in the water you will add to ramen noodles. Add some sesame oil, frozen peas, cilantro, sriracha, green onions. A bonus treat!

Tastes as good as the restaurant!

