I have been searching for THE General Tso (Tao) Chicken recipe, and have tried numerous recipes to no avail. This one still was not quite it, but with some changes it was the closest I've come yet. I'd give it a 5, but I had to modify the recipe significantly - still though, the results were DELICIOUS. Perhaps it isn't fair to take off a star if I didn't even follow the recipe exactly, but I wanted to avoid the negative results other reviewers had.  Here are my changes: reduce vinegar to 3 Tbsp and ketchup to 2 Tbsp, to get rid of the sour and ketchupy tastes. Reduce ginger to about 1 Tbsp (that's just personal preference) and add a couple of cloves of garlic (this is the first General Tso's chicken recipe I've seen that didn't have garlic). Increase soy sauce to 1/4 cup. Add 1/4 cup of sherry. And I like it hot, so I added a Tbsp or so crushed red pepper and a few red chiles. Also, the oyster sauce is important - don't skip that ingredient. I stir-fried broccoli and sugar snap peas with the green onions and served on white rice.  Like I said it still wasn't exactly restaurant quality but it was very close. My gf and I were VERY happy with how it turned out. EDIT: To the people complaining about the batter - I've found the chicken is better baked and MUCH EASIER. Marinate for ~3 hrs in sriracha, soy, and garlic powder. Bake covered for 10 minutes at 400, then another 15-20 at 350. Don't let it get too dry. This can result in a lot of extra sauce, so make plenty of rice.

This took a long time to make and it is not even close to General Tao chicken. The sauce is sour and the taste of ketchup is too strong. Will not make again. However, the breaded chicken taste pretty good by itself. I will never again make the sauce but I will definitely make the breaded chicken again.

This recipe is awesome. Just need to adjust the batter recipe. Make the batter as it states but sub out oil for 4 oz of seltzer, soda or beer to the batter. Don’t soak the chicken in the batter just dip chicken in batter then put in to fryer. Using spatula gently move chicken around so it doesn’t stick to each other. When the chicken floats it’s done. Drain on rack and then mix into sauce gently

There's a million ingredients,  so gather all of them before starting. I went light on the ketchup and sugar. Definitely double the sauce. Didn't exactly taste like restaurant General Tsos, but was still amazing! Definitely will make it again. Served with rice rice and grilled vegetables.

It was really good. I used fish sauce instead of oyster i figured it was the same thing and that’s what i had…i will definitely be cooking this again

I was surprised how it all came together. I didn't think it would taste as good when I was cooking it. The only thing I'll do next time is have all the ingredients measured all out, otherwise thought it tasted better fresh!

Made this twice and it was a big hit.  Didn’t change a thing other then add some broccoli to the final stage of the sauce when making before adding chicken in.  Will definitely add this to my box of recipes.

Delicious! The chicken was very moist and the sauce delicious. We used more oil to cook the chicken since we were using a large ceramic pot and not a wok. We used regular onion and added a green pepper. By mistake we did not follow the recipe instructions for the sauce but it still turned out great. Will definitely make again!

This recipe is delicious. I cut back on the green onion and substituted Hoison sauce but otherwise made it just like the recipe. I have very picky kids and they loved it. We did not have any leftovers.

so yummy and easy to make.
instead of making the sauce, I bought the VH General Tao sauce.
easier if you don't always have all ingredients at home

Overall, this is a lot of work but it’s REALLY good. I know y’all go crazy when we change things without trying it first and I am guilty as charged. First, I used lots of onion because...well...I just like onions. Second - added a sliced sweet pepper - just because the best General Tso’s I’ve had included some as well. Finally, I had some of those kind red peppers laying around. You know - the hot ones?  Yeah - threw those in too.

