Delicious!! But way too sweet. What I did the second time was to simply add tablespoons of the brown sugar until I found the right balance between the sweet and salty. Two tablespoons were enough for me.

Easy to make and flavorful.  I do suggest putting the beef in the starch before you saute the galic/ginger to better manage time.  Also, was a bit salty, maybe use low sodium soy sauce or cut a bit of soy and  replace with water.

Amazing! I made it exactly as the recipe states and it was wonderful!

Turned out pretty good after I adjusted the sugar and soy sauce as suggested by other reviewers. Used 1/4 cup brown sugar, 1/4 cup soy sauce, and 1/4 cup water. It was too much sauce, so I ended up using only half. I think it would’ve been way too salty otherwise. I also added red peppers and used olive oil instead of vegetable oil.

Tastes amazing, first meal I’ve ever made and it was simple and delicious

A very easy and tasty meal. As another review stated I also used powdered ginger and a sweet white onion cut into chunks. Very delicious. My grocery store sells  stir fry beef and made the recipe even easier.

Great stuff. It's a go to for us when we can find sandwich steak on sale or clearance. It's a great go to when your able to find rice, plus, not have to pay for the nose for it all. great stuff.

Wonderful basic recipe to make. I had to add a few substitutes, as I didn't want to go to the store for a couple things. I use powder ginger instead of fresh, did not have any green onions in the bin so used a half large sweet yellow onion. I also added a few more shredded veggies, carrots, celery and home grown green beans. Everything was great as far as the amounts of ingredients. I will make it again when  I have the green onions and fresh ginger.  Oh, I forgot that  I tossed in 5 dried home grown peppers, for heat.  Husband loved it.

Just too sweet.  I prefer my favorite take-out restaurant version.  This couldn't hold a mirror to it.

I added a lil more  brown sugar but that’s personal preference

Delicious!

