this is such a great recipe. i was skeptical at first because sweet and sour pork varies so much between different restaurants and sometimes it is downright disgusting. this recipe really turns out better than any sweet and sour pork i've had in chinese restaurants. my boyfriend requests this all the time!

i use cubed pork tenderloin because that's the only kind of pork i buy. i add carrots to the sauce mix, and i usually make 2 or 3 times the amount of sauce and freeze the extra to cut down on future prep time. it looks a little gross when you first start to thaw it, but bring it up to a boil again and it returns to its proper consistency.

I made this with my cooking class and we increased the amount to make enough for 60 people.  The amount of sugar worked out to 10 cups... we cut it to 5 cups and it was really tasty.   We can't even imagine how sweet it would be with the full amount of sugar that was suggested.  We also didn't deep fry the pork or use the egg whites. We did season the pork and let it marinate for an hour while we got the veggies and sauce ready.  Then we cooked the seasoned pork in the oven at 375ºF for 45 minutes - 1 hour until it was fully cooked.  We made the sauce separately only using the pineapple juice, the pineapple and the water, ketchup, vinegar, lesser amount of sugar,  adding 3 cups of sliced waterchestnuts  for crunch.  We cooked the sauce ingredients and then thickened it with the cornstarch and cold water.  After cooking it for 5 more minutes we mixed in the cooked pork.  It was wonderful.  We made pork fried rice to go with it.  SO THE WHOLE PURPOSE OF MY DIATRIBE IS TO SAY "TRY THE RECIPE WITH ONLY HALF OF THE SUGAR IN THE SAUCE, DON'T DEEP FRY THE PORK AND IT WILL BE MORE NUTRITIOUS."  WE used the diced veggies for the fried rice.

Delicious

No changes needed!  Came out perfectly!  Bravo!

It was great.  I used less sugar then the recipe called for but otherwise stuck to it.   Next time I'll use a little less Apple Cider Vinegar to suit my tastes.  Sauce didn't thicken as much as I wanted but that was a cooking mistake on my part (clumps in my corn starch).  Next time I think I'll make pork in air fryer for healthier version.  Thanks!

It came out delicious.  I trippled the recipe.  I used boneless pork chops. I didnt have any Green Onions so I improvised by useing fresh Chives from our garden.  I did not need to fry the pork in the oil for ten mins.  four to five mins. did fine.  I think ten mins. would have burnt them.  I tested the largest pieces with a meat thermometer to make sure.  It registerd a fast 179° F.   I didn't have any cornstarch left for the thickening in the end, so I replaced it with the equal amount of gluten-free flour.  It worked just fine.  I used some of the liquid from the pot to mix into the gluten-free flour first so there wouldn't be any lumps.I also replaced 1/3 of the Apple Cider Vinegar with Distilled White Vinegar cause I didn't have enough of that either.  That had a little bit of a negative effect.... but not too bad.  Would definitely recommend only using Apple Cider Vinegar though.  Probably could cut back on the sugar some.   It was quite sweet,  but not extremely.

Oh my gosh, better than my favorite Chinese restaurant!!! I am almost  77 and never ventured to do this before. I am pooped. I added carrots and peppers, But I did sit on a stool to do most of this. Holy moly, lots of cleanup, but well worth it I'll tell you. Wow and I didn't have to pay 45.00 for a meal this was awesome.   Thank you

If I could give a higher review then I would. Loved the results but it sure dirties a lot of dishes

With 3/4 cup of sugar and 1/3 of cider vinegar, this will result in a sweet and sweeter pork... cut down the sugar in half or use a harder vinegar.

I pretty much stayed true to the recipe.  It was very, very good and well received by the family.

Perfect recipe..i just dont put celery and put red green and yellow paprika instead

