You have to give anything this fast, healthy and so full of flavor a 5.  Note this isn't a recipe for small children or others with a tongue that can't handle heat.  I'd cut back on the red pepper quite a bit if you want to achieve that.  For me, however, the recipes worked perfectly as is.  As others suggested I doubled the ingredients for the sauce and it's worth noting that this great sauce can be made well in advance, heck, keeping some in the fridge handy for those days you just don't fee like cooking.

Good recipe, but really, ground ginger? Go all out and put some real ginger in, it makes the depth of flavor so much more interesting.

This was good but very spicy. I would recommend reducing the red pepper or adding something to cut it a little. Maybe some coconut milk? Overall this was very good. I would make it again.

Oh yeah good and simple. I might need to back off on the red pepper flakes a bit my nose was running and I cleaned out my sinuses. I added some toasted sesame seeds

I'll defiantly triple the sauce for rice. I used 16-20 shrimp seasoned nicely with salt and pepper, seared in a little olive oil, then added my green onions and garlic. Gave it 2 minutes or so, then poured in my wet mixture until hot and thickened. This was surprisingly awesome! Served it over jasmine rice with steamed broccoli. A definite keeper!

Excellent flavor with a nice subtle heat. I didn’t have shrimp so I chopped up boneless chicken breast. Stir fried  that first in oil, then added the garlic & green onions. Cooked that for a minute. Then added the liquid, stirred until thickened and served it over white rice.

Easy and delicious!

So easy to make without all the exotics. Made a double batch to make sure there was plenty of sauce.  I love it spicy but not so much the wife so I dialed the CRP back by half. Served on rice. Will make it again.

This was so quick & easy!     I doubled the recipe.    My roommate suggested adding some broccoli and  water chestnuts, but I will do that next time.   I did sprinkle some extra crushed red pepper and made noodles for his & will eat mine with quinoa.    It was so good !

My 15 year old loves shrimp ,ketchup, and honey!  I left the hot pepper and green onions out (even though I love them).  It's a great option for dinner for the entire family!

This recipe is so delicious, definitely one of my favorites!

