I worked for a Chinese family in their restaurant while I was a young adult and this comes close to their popular recipe.  I used fresh bean sprouts instead of canned,  and defrosted salad-size  shrimp in a salad spinner to ensure that all excess liquid was gone.  I used a vietnamese soup stock (pho) concentrate instead of chicken broth which added additional flavor to the sauce.  I love to eat egg foo young for breakfast!

The patties had good flavor, but the sauce, with the addition of vinegar made it sour and ruined it. I ended up using a chicken gravy.

Very good. The sauce was excellent. I've made these several times now, and have varied the vegetables I've put in - and they've all come out very good.

I love it

Straight forward recipe, I used 1tbsp soy and 1 tbsp Hoisin in the sauce. But my wife loves it. This will be staple in this house. She just said we’re never going to a Carryout again

Delicious and so easy! I used regular brown gravy in place of the recipe's suggestion for sauce. Definitely a keeper! Even my husband liked it.

I Made this recipe tonight it was easy to make  and it turned out great! My husband and I both Loved it. I served it with rice and instead of shrimp I used roast pork it tasted like the egg foo young that I get at my neighborhood restaurant. I also made the sauce but will use a little less sugar. I will definitely be making this again and again , adding this to my favorite recipes.  Linda M

The recipe was easy enough to follow but the egg patties lacked flavor.  I am an experienced cook but the sauce never thickened up.  I tried simmering it longer and also at slightly higher temperature.  It also was very bland.

No bad intent to your recipe & never liked when others make bad comments or change the poster’s recipe. But gotta add my helpful remarks from my Chinese Grandpa’s  recipe. You can add any veggies/celery broccoli/regular onions  etc. You can add to the broth/Sherry/oyster sauce/tamari/soy sauce. Never heard of adding vinegar! And definitely more eggs. I use canola oil/but he used peanut. Over Jasmine rice…To die for 😋❤️

I only made the egg foo young. I love it because it wasn't time consuming to make. I didn't like them being flat. I didn't add or substitute anything

I’ve been making seafood egg foo young for years, but hadn’t made it for a while so consulted your recipe. Basically great, but I substituted (as I always have) 4TBS dry sherry for the vinegar in the sauce, and duck sauce for soy, with a pinch of sea salt. I also add small shards of butter (hardened) to the egg mixture just before I flip it in the skillet.

