Since a bag of dried beans can't be found right now, I used three cans of canned black beans, rinsed and drained. I chopped the celery finely and cooked it with the rest of the vegetables. I used orange bell pepper and chili-ready diced tomatoes since I had those on hand. At last tasting, it was really, really good and once it cooks for the rest of the evening I'm sure it will be outstanding. I was afraid without meat that it would be bland, but it's not bland at all! Thank you, thank you for this. It's going into my files.

I followed the timing exactly and after 6 hours on low, the beans are still hard. The recipe includes salt but in the directions, there is no indication of when that is to be added so I added it at the end. I think I would do as others have suggested and prep the beans as I would normally before adding them. I think it could use a bit more flavour as well - not sure why but it seems bland to me.

It tasted good, I will make again after some modifications.  I prepped the soup the day before & left it in the crock overnight.  Could not find chile flakes so I used 1/2 tsp chili powder instead.  After cooking on low for 6 hours, the beans were not fully cooked, they were harder than they should have been.  Next time I will cook the beans like they should be cooked before adding them to a recipe.  I also think that this needed more liquid.

To me, this came together to be more than the sum of it's parts. We used Rotel tomatoes with chilis for extra flavor.

I love this recipe!… changed only a few things to add flavor and make it one pot: 
1- soaked beans overnight with water and baking soda so it gets rid of  Lecithin.
2-added chicken better than bouillon in place of salt
3-put rinsed pre-soaked beans, water, bouillon, whole celery stalks, and bayleaf directly in crockpot on Hi for 2-3 hrs until beans cooked crisp tender.
4-then turn down to low and proceed as directed.
5-added two stalks chopped celery in with other veggies.
6-dialed back red pepper flakes to 1/2 tspn

Made this following directions exactly except for adding about a cup of vegetable broth during cooking. I served with white rice, cilantro, and a dollop of sour cream along with toasted garlic rounds.  I think sliced avocado alongside would be good too. Very substantial supper.

This was very good.  I served it over rice as a vegetarian meal.  I used crushed red pepper instead of red pepper flakes.  I don't know if that made a difference, but it was a little spicy for us.  I added chopped cilantro at the table.

Since a bag of dried beans can't be found right now, I used three cans of canned black beans, rinsed and drained. I chopped the celery finely and cooked it with the rest of the vegetables. I used orange bell pepper and chili-ready diced tomatoes since I had those on hand. At last tasting, it was really, really good and once it cooks for the rest of the evening I'm sure it will be outstanding. I was afraid without meat that it would be bland, but it's not bland at all! Thank you, thank you for this. It's going into my files.

3.18.20  I used my Instant Pot® with its slow cooker feature on high and did have to add a little water at about 3 hours.  I live in Florida with lots of Cuban restaurants, and this measured up really well to many that I’ve had and enjoyed.  The only modification I made was cutting the chili flakes back to 1/2 teaspoon, otherwise, followed the recipe to the letter. When finished cooking, I tasted,  gave it a pretty good shot of  hot sauce, and garnished with some chopped red onion and cilantro.  WorkingCookingMom, thanks for sharing your recipe, we enjoyed it!

