This is a fantastic and easy recipe.  I followed others suggestions about increasing olive oil and decreasing salt.  And the sauce this creates is yummy.  I served it with roasted potatoes (olive oil, garlic salt, pepper and a little dried oregano).  As a salad, combined bibb lettuce, toasted almonds, mandarin oranges, red onion, with a blush vinaigrette.  The dinner was devoured and people continued to talk about it the remainder of the evening.

I didn't really think it was that good (Sorry!). It was kind of bland. I ended up adding corn starch and water mixture to the gravy to thicken it up and lots of salt/pepper and some paprika. We don't be making this again. It sounded like it would be so good….

I tweaked this a bit, I was short on time and therefore threw the pork loin on the crockpot seasoned with salt and pepper. I sprayed olive oil on it and then let it cook on high for 4 hours. Once done I took it out of the crock pot and put it all in a pot on the stove juice and all. Then I added the rest of the seasoning. It was so juicy and flavorful.

We are definitely going to make this again

I found this a little bland.

I liked this very much.  It's quite a citrus-y blend with the pork and other flavors.  I made about 4x as much seasoning as the recipe calls for and that seemed to work out about right, it seems difficult to have too much of it.  Next time I may consider covering the pan after turning the loins since the pan did get dried out, or just adding olive oil as it cooks.

Other reviews recommend more olive oil to make this easier to spread. I disagree.  I found that a slightly drier rub clumps up a bit and gives a nice coating to the pork. I also turned up the heat on the fry. By searing the pork with the clumpy rub, I created a tasty crust that just exploded with flavor. Then I turned the heat down when I turned the pork and drenched them in lime juice. My 10 year old daughter loved it.

I didn’t reserve the lime juice- I just mixed it all in together. I cut the pork in to slices and then mixed it in to the spices/sauce before cooking. Satisfied two super picky eaters.

my husband loved it. it came out great thanks for the recipe

This was a huge hit with my family. I served it with coconut rice and black beans.

the wife and me loved it, will put it on our list to made again

