This recipe is 5 stars with my modifications.  I'm used to the Mexican version so I had to change just a few things.  I left out the lime and anise and simmered 1 cup of milk with a cinnamon stick and some whole cloves.  When the rice was done cooking I put a strainer over the pot and poured the milk in.  I added 3-5oz cans of evaporated milk instead of 12oz and added only 3/4 of the can of condensed milk.  I sprinkled in more ground cinnamon and nutmeg too.  The vanilla and salt I added as the recipe states. I only let it simmer for about 5 minutes because we like a lot of liquid with the rice.

I grew up with this dish. So I had great expectations.  I followed this recipe to a tee.  Don’t know if there is a difference between the Cuban version and the Mexican version but this dish was a bit too sweet for my taste.  I'll share my beloved mother’s recipe for those who prefer a mildly sweet rice dessert.

I left out the lime peel and the anise and I thought it was delicious. I like my arroz con leche with a lot of liquid so I didn't simmer for very long. Thanks for sharing your recipe.

I’m not a personal fan of arroz con leche but husband is so I tried this recipe for him & LOVES it! I’ve been making it for him for years now & he’s happy. Haven’t changed a thing

I did half the recipe since there’s only two of us at home. So flavorful! I topped it with a sugar, vanilla, cinnamon topping.

This was delicious. My mother used to make it the old fashioned way with milk and lots of sugar...but this short cut version came out tasting just as good. Definitley a keeper.

Very nice addition with the anise seed!

This is such a tasty recipe! I have had other versions of arroz con leche, and this is different but I love it so much! My family and I will be eating quite a lot of this I think, we all loved it! Thanks for sharing this delicious recipe!

My daughter ate it, even will all the seasonings and she didn't complain.  I came back and half the bowl was gone!!  My room mate tried it so it was a hit!

First of all, I would like to say that those giving this recipe a bad review because it does not compare to the Mexican version should not be rating. The description clearly indicates that this is a CUBAN version. With that being said, I tried this recipe and followed everything EXACTLY as described. The recipe is good and tastes good but there are few things that I would say are missing to give it the five stars:

1. The recipe calls for too much vanilla extract. 1 tablespoon of vanilla extract overpowers the flavor. I believe that 1/2 a teaspoon would be enough for this recipe. 

2. There are people who stated they felt something was missing (those who were looking for the Cuban version I presume). I found the secret is to add a cinnamon stick to the rice as well, not just to the water with anise (not to exclude the cinnamon to the water, you still keep that). If you another cinnamon stick along with the milk, that should give it the kick that some may be looking for. You would then discard that cinnamon stick when serving.

Overall, this is a good recipe. It took me a bit of tweaking to fix the overpowering taste of the vanilla but I will definitely be making again!

I wouldn't change anything, and I am glad that the raisins were optional.

