I've been on a big Mojito kick lately and I've been using Diet 7up in place of club soda, per personal preference, so this was a huge hit with me!  I used 2 tsps of sugar and bottle lime juice.  This will be a repeater at the LTH house!  CHEERS, Jennifer!

Yum! I used simple syrup instead of sugar and I tried using white rum and it was terrible. No fault of the recipe I didn't like the white rum I used.  I ended up using gin and it  was great. 
When I get better rum I will make it again and I'm sure it will also be delish.

Turned out great! I muddled in my shaker and shook with ice, rum, and sugar, then poured into a martini glass with diet 7-up. Should be noted that it’s best to make a multiple batch if you’re using a shaker.

Great recipe.  I made a special Green Dragon version of this. It tasted great. However, next time, I would probably make sugar water first as my friends said they can taste the granulated sugar.

The recipe was super easy and it came it great!  I have even memorized it so that I can make it again whenever the mood strikes.  I couldn't find Diet Sprite at the time, so I substituted with Diet Mountain Dew.  It was perfect!

Quick to make tastes amazing

Excellent. Super easy and delicious. I use Zero Sprite. I do not add sugar.

This is a great mojito for this amount of effort--appropriately named.  If you really do a good job on the "muddle", it is delicious.  We have found that a drinking straw is key to enjoying this drink.  All the good stuff is on the bottom, and you get a taste of all of the ingredients from the first sip when you drink it with the straw.

Soooo yummy! The only change I made was to cut the sugar in half

Make sure you use spearmint not peppermint. I would use Nellie & Joe's Key West lime juice instead of real limes to make it even easier (unless you're serving it to company), and I would probably use regular 7-Up instead of diet because then the sugar part is also taken care of for you. Also Mexican 7-Up uses real sugar cane, which is what the original recipe for this drink calls for, so even better.

