This was just wonderful! Smelled soooo good while cooking. I made exactly as written with a small exception, I had an individual bottle of OJ, just just threw the whole thing in, about 10 oz. I also cubed two sweet potatoes and added those to the crock, too. Pork was moist & flavorful, and the juices delicious over the pork. Loved this recipe! Thanks for sharing with us, arich01, it's a winner!

Havana Slow Cooker Pork Haiku: "Way too much cumin. (And I like that spice a bunch.) Masked other flavors." I used a pork loin (not tenderloin, which I don't like to do in the crockpot), and followed the recipe as directed, but the citrus taste didn't really shine, as all I could taste was cumin. The pork itself was good, tender, and had a nice flavor, but it was just a bit heavy on the cumin.

Awesome. Really citrusy and onions soaked up all the finesse of the other ingredients.  Def A rated Recipe.  Too good!another pic!  Pic in crock or pic on plate with black beans and brown rice.... Colours are great played.

Very good flavor and tender!

I followed the recipe with the exception of making more broth/juice.  Delicious!

Easy and delicious.

I don't think some people here know the difference between a tenderloin and a loin. If the recipe calls for a tenderloin, you should use a tenderloin, otherwise don't give the recipe a bad review because you made such a large substitution. I made this today, and though a little dry by itself, once you mixed in some of the tasty, juicy onions, it's sooooo good. A keeper. Might top it with cilantro next time.

Oh my goodness. Yes! Made it just as the recipe called for except I cooked it in the oven instead of slow cooker. I cooked it for 1 hour, covered with foil, at 350 then uncovered, basted with the juices, for 15 minutes longer at 400. Delicious and the leftovers make great sandwiches the next day.

What  a great recipe, it smelled incredible simmering all day and tasted just as wonderful!!  I used a well-trimmed 2 pound pork tenderloin, and adjusted seasonings for our taste (omitted salt and reduced cayenne to 1/2 tsp).  I poured juices with onion over sliced pork, and served with mashed potatoes, veggies & crusty bread. So much flavor!  Can’t wait to make this again!!

Really good and spicy.  Moist and easy to put together. Followed directions exactly.  Next time will try to thicken up the broth to make it more like a gravy instead of an au jus.

It was good. I had it 3 days later and it was just as good.

