Delicious!! I made my own Cuban bread from your recipe: outstanding bread taste!  I am going to do 3 things differently the next time I make this. First: Pat dry the pickle slices. Second: coat both sides of the sandwich with the mayo/mustard sauce completely, but keep it a thin layer. Third: Rinse the barbecue sauce  off the precooked pulled pork I used and pat it dry.  I had a problem with the sandwich toppings oozing out of the sides when I compressed it.  I'm thinking the drier it is on the inside going into the pan, the less will ooze out during cooking.  (It was still yummy!) Thanks, Chef!!

Awesome recipe! We fix Cubanos several times a year and try different recipes. This one is superior because of the mustard-mayo sauce (calms down the mustard) and the pulled pork (makes for an easier bite). This one's a keeper!

Loved the recipe. I used Cuisinart panini press that I hadn't used in years.No pulled pork bu leftover tenderloin with coriander,mustard and S n P. Cut my own pickles. Lordy, Ive become one of those people!!! The ones that change stuff up. Though really pretty true to recipe Ugh, I also did the Genoa salami thing. Also used Portuguese sweet rolls. I'd also like to make the bread.

I'm famous for my Cuban Sandwich but yours was better. Never to late to learn.Chef Jerry

Very classic Cubano. I really like the order of assembly as it made it easier to grill it. I felt the mustard sauce was missing something, as I have eaten Cubano sandwiches in Tampa and Miami areas. Dijon, or spicy brown mustard would really step this up.

Excellent

Holly PIG (get it? like holly cow, but it's pork LOL), these are GREAT!!!  I used the "Slow Cooker Carnitas" recipe from this site, Boar's Head Smoked Ham, and Boar's Head Lacey Swiss for these, and they were "stuff-me-like-Thanksgiving" delicious.  Call me a glutton, but next time I'm going to make double just so I can have lots, and some leftovers (great cold, too) all for myself.  YES, AMKING THIS VERY OFTEN!!! Next time I'll use Chef John's Paper Pork Roast recipe (and a big one, too).

We bought bigger bread (Cuban bread wasn't an option). Substituted Italian and forgot to add more ham. Was amazing though.

I first saw Chef John make this on YouTube.  These are the best sandwiches ever.  I’ve made these several times and my family loves them.

AWESOME!!!

