Great black beans!  Very easy to make, and smells up the house nicely. I would use a little less pepper next time - was a tad too spicy for me. Make ahead - these were SO much better the next day.  Thanks for the recipe!

First off: this recipe does NOT work as written with canned beans.  I used three 15-oz. cans of beans and only 4 c. of water, and it was still way too watery.  I had to simmer it forever to even get it close to not looking like soup.  Now, perhaps this isn't the case when you use regular beans, and/or perhaps this is how soupy it's supposed to be.  Regardless, next time I'll use at the most 2 c. of water, if not less.  Also, this could use a few more spices; I increased the black pepper and added cayenne pepper.

I love Cuban Black Beans!  I have used canned beans to save time and therefore leaving out the water.  The apple cider vinegar adds great flavor and I add Crystal instead of pepper.  There are many ways to alter, tomatoes instead of paste or canned versus dried but the basic combination is delicious!

Made in instant pot. Turned out well.

great combination of flavors

This may be one of the few times I’ve added a low rating to an overall high consensus, but I’m not a fan of the overall flavor—and like many, I did add some traditional Cuban spices.  I soaked the beans overnight, sautéed the veggies first, and then used the crockpot for cooking.  It wasn’t terrible, but there are better recipes to choose from, so I won’t make it again.

Delicious! I didn't have tomato paste so I used Goya  Sofrito  instead since it has a tomato base. These came out so good! Will definitely make again.

Oh man, did I have a hard time getting these to the table.  I just wanted to eat them with a spoon right out of the pot!!  We had a special Cuban lunch for friends and I made these to go with the Cuban-Style pork roast on Allrecipes.  I didn't have ground cumin, so just tossed in some seeds and let the whole thing cook for about 3 hours, low and slow.  Otherwise, I followed the recipe, just doubling all of it.  I used pre-cooked beans.  Since I have some health issues, I didn't add any salt but provided it for those who wanted.  This was a great side dish that will happen more often in the future.  Thanks for a terrific recipe!!

Will definitely make these again! They have loads of flavor and texture. Probably the best Ihave ever had!!!! 

I did not change a thing.....

Very good, BUT the water is not 5 cups for already cooked/soaked beans. That’s only for dry beans.

phenomenal. first time with making black beans without blowing off the jackets.  did so in a stove top pressure cooker with 5c water and timed for 20 minutes and air cooled. fantastic with some salt, aromatics ( 5 cloves garlic,  1 tablespoon oil, 3 bay leaf, one onion quartered.)  Perfectly cooked as it came out with lots of stock left over. I simmered Cuban sauce independently of beans as I was leery of  over cooking perfectly done beans.  as I simmered sauce I kept adding bean stock for flavor.  When peppers almost cooked, I added beans and simmered 10 more min. FAB!  don't know if this is Cuban or no, but it is a keeper recipe AND I learned new skill.  win win

