I have made this bread 3 times this week.  the first time was a disaster - probably due to my ineptitude - but the second time was perfect.  Absolutely the best bread I have ever made.  Soft,  moist, beautiful crust and tasty.   Perfect for sandwiches even if they are not Cuban.  Using lard and using no mechanical devices except a stove takes you back, especially if your my age. I have some rising as we speak.
Thank you for this wonderful recipe.

Followed the recipe with the note about using half regular flour, half bread flour. I really hoped this would be the one that would yield an authentic Cuban bread. Instead it came out more like a sourdough bread. Too dense, compared to Cuban bread. Although I was disappointed, the bread itself was still really good. Nice, crisp outside. Maybe next time I will try heating the baking sheets with the oven...hhhmmm.

My husband is from Florida and couldn’t find Cuban bread here in Texas so I made this for him and he said it’s perfect!

Easy to make.  I thought it was way too salty though.

I don't know if this is what Cuban bread is supposed to taste like, but it is WONDERFUL!  My starter spent a couple nights in the fridge, and I cheated and let my KitchenAid do the kneading (while keeping a watchful eye on it, and checking a few times for texture) otherwise, I followed the recipe exactly, lard and all.  My only complaint, is that it only makes two loaves!   :D   Might try doubling it, next time.

It is the most authentic Cuban Bread recipe I ever made. Even the bread at the "cuban bakery" is not as good. Thank you Chef John for bringing some beautiful memories through delicious foods!

Loved it! I am a beginner bread maker and an avid Cuban bread eater.The only thing I forgot was to spritz with water before baking. That may be whyit didn’t have that flakey crust on top like traditional Cuban bread.The Cuban bread flavor was definitely there. All around I found this recipe easy enough for beginners. My first time out, this bread was a definite WIN.

Looking forward to this bread and Cuban Sandwiches! First time, Looking great. Thanks

Loved this recipe. It’s as close to the real thing as I’ve ever had. The Cuban bread at most supermarkets is not this close. Take it from a Cuban girl who was raised on this stuff. I’m having some right now with my cafe con leche and it’s amazing. Thank you!

was fun and not to compicated

It’s been a few years since I lived in Tampa, but this bread seems very close to what I remember. I have made it several times and it always turns out wonderfully. It is not dense at all. I think one reason for the denseness some reviewers have pointed out is due to too much flour. I wish Chef John had given weight measurements. I typically won’t bake from a recipe that only has volume, but I gave this one a whirl using 120 grams per cup of flour. So 360 grams total if you use all of it (depends on humidity, flour, etc.).Then when I go to shape, I use a silicon mat to avoid adding more flour. Too much flour is the #1 cause of dense bread. If you use cups, stir your flour, gently spoon into the cup, then level off.  Other reasons are under proofing or over proofing. Too much over, and the bread will collapse some causing it to be dense. If it’s under proofed, it will be dense as well.  Go by the bread, not by the clock. I’ve had this bread double in 45 minutes or as long as 2 hours—depends on the temperature of your house.  On last reason for dense bread is not enough kneading, so that the gluten is not developed enough. I give mine a good 8-10 minutes in the stand mixer with dough hook, but either way, you want your dough to be springy and elastic.  I promise this a great loaf of Cuban bread if made properly!

