This was great! I love chic peas and always try to fine a dish to cook them with. The only thing I did was add more garlic powder and half the red pepper called for, I am not to big on spicy hot food and it was just perfect. Husband and kids loved it, made over white rice. This will def. be made again, I might add some other veggies in it next time. Thanks!

Add some bay leaves, use fresh garlic, olive oil and instead of smoked sausage, try chorizo.

Love it! Came out perfect and the recipe literally tells you to adjust the seasonings to taste. Whole family loved it. We will definitely be making it again!

Loved this!  I did not use the Marsala or Sherry, or even a red wine for that matter, and it did not hurt the end product.  I also used my own blend of home-grown pepper for spice.  Definitely simmer for an hour.  It helps to blend the flavors.

And wait until you have left-overs; it only gets better...

I made it as written,  but the 3t's of adobo seasoning made it way too salty. The flavor was good, so I'll make it again but cut way back on the adobo.

I substituted ham as I did not have any smoked sausage in the house. It turned out great! As well I used a homemade adobo seasoning for which the recipe can be found on this site. Excellent recipe and I will definitely make this again. Thank you!

Very good as is. However, the 2nd time I wanted to use up some stuff I had on hand, and it was even better! I doubled the recipe to have enough for lunch, and added a couple of stalks of celery, several cloves of fresh garlic, a bunch of chopped fresh parsley, and topped it with fresh cilantro. Also, I didn't have sherry, so I added white port. Mmmm... so good. I will definitely make this again.

Great flavor!...though we found it a bit to salty.  Suspect it was the Adobo as I didn't add any salt.  (or perhaps the canned bean syrup?)  Anyway, I would cut back on the Adobo next time and perhaps dilute the syrup with a little water.  Otherwise, I enjoyed it.

This was so good over rice. I thought it was going to be too strong, but it was just right. I simmered it for the hour. The only thing I changed since I don’t like powder, I used fresh chopped garlic. Leftovers are going to be great for lunch this week!

I made this exactly as the recipe states to do and it was SO SALTY it was nearly inedible.  Perhaps there is adobo without salt?  Because with the salty sausage and then 3 teaspoons of a "seasoning" that is essentially salt it was gross.  I should have known better--250mg of sodium in a QUARTER teaspoon.  
I will make it again with something instead of Adobo.

Made it tonight. We enjoyed it!  Looking forward to leftovers

