I have made this many times, except that I use plantains instead of bananas.  Also, I add cumin, oregano and bay leaf (in Venezuela we get it in piowder form).

I HAD to try this simply because of the strange combination of the strange combination of ingredients.  It wasn't "bad", but I definately thought it could have been a little bit "saucier", maybe more tomato? Interesting, but not sure if we'll try it again.

Very good flavor. I did add some black beans and served over quino!!

I made it - but with lots of changes so does that mean I really made it? 
Anyway, I got lots of compliments the first meal and lots of middleschoolers coming into my classroom asking what smelled so good when I took leftovers to school for lunch.
It was thick, spicy and AMAZING with these changes I made by combining this recipe with Chef John's Goulash recipe plus some of the previous reviewers suggestions:

1t cumin 
28 oz chopped tomato 
14oz chicken stock
2 stalks celery
1/4 of a chopped kabocha 
seasonings from Chef John's Goulash:
2T Paprika
2t crushed caraway seeds
1t marjoram
1/2 t thyme (fresh 4 sprigs)
1 bay leaf
1/2 t cayenne

Holy Cow! this is really good!  I used a 28 oz can of diced tomatoes and seasoned it with creole seasoning, salt, pepper and cumin and served it over egg noddles!!

Had fun with this recipe at the soup kitchen.  No one could guess that there were bananas in this.  Very easy and quick to make.

I made this recipe for 45-people and did not receive one complaint. When you read that you put in diced bananas you think that it would be disgusting. but the bananas pretty much dissolve and make and thicken the sauce giving a great consistency and flavor. As far as the cayenne pepper I let every one season theirs to taste.

I made this recipe as written but added some cumin as suggested by some of the other reviewers.  It was tasty but somehow unmemorable.  Some more exact guidance with the various spices might be helpful.  "To taste" is not much help when one has never tried a recipe before.  I would appreciate it if the person who originally posted this recipe would specify how much cayenne, how much pepper, etc.  The bananas might not have been enough.  Are the bananas in the recipe for flavor, for texture, or both?  I'm not familiar with plantains, so would they have been better to use?  I think this recipe could be better, I just don't know how to improve it.

Very yummy and easy to make and cheap which is always good!!

I was interesting and tasty but I can't see myself making it again.  Must be the bananas...

We had something similar while on vacation in the Dominican Republic.  I substituted plantains for the bananas and it was simply wonderful!

