Pacific Cuban Black Beans & Rice Haiku: "Better than 5 stars. Even my 6 year old loved. WILL make this again!" I halved the recipe for 3 of us, and only swapped chorizo for smoked sausage, and picante sauce for salsa; otherwise, everything else remained as the recipe submitter wrote, and We. Loved. This. Served over brown basmati (would've loved to have had the time to take Fancy Nancy's suggestion of adding cilantro and lime juice to the rice!) and there was not a single bite of leftover.

When I saw all the veggies going into this dish, I knew this was no ordinary beans and rice combo.   I used two beef smoked sausages sliced very thin so every spoonful had a piece of meat.  It added to all the layers of flavor without being overpowering.  Otherwise it would have just been like beans and weiners.  This will be a staple in my house.

This was fantastic! I made it differently. I made Jasmine rice in the instant pot. When the rice was finished, I added the beans. I had accidentally drained them. I heated the onion, etc. in a pan and added the broth and spices. Once it was hot I dumped it over the rice and beans. I heated leftover carnitas (about 2 cups) and one chorizo sausage and added them last. I had lots of toppings - the lime and cilantro were terrific. I also had tomatoes, avocado, sliced green onions, shredded lettuce, sour cream. What a hit. Everyone loved it! Thanks for the great recipe!

Unique and delicious!

This is great!  Followed recipe but didn’t have bay leaves or smoked paprika.  Still and A+

Very tasty.  I followed the recipe (without garlic) and made the cilantro lime rice.  Outstanding.  Will definitely make this again.

It is rather delicious I would say add some chicken to it too to make it more filling and I added dried jalapeños and some shallots

This was delicious.  Instead of links I used a pound of bulk chorizo and it turned out a consistency like chili.  Smelled so sweet!  I will make another batch just so I have a week’s worth of lunches!  Thanks so much for this recipe!

Excellent!  Flavors from all the ingredients make this a great recipe.  I used ham instead of Spanish chorizo, and I think a small amount of any meat or sausage would work well.  Served alone as a stew or over rice, both work as a full meal.

Very tasty.

