It was very good.  I made it in the pressure cooker to save time.  After cooker reaches stabalized pressure I let it cook for 10 minutes.  Then I turned off heat and let it sit for 30 minutes without removing the lid of the pressure cooker.  The pork was so tender it fell apart as I tried to remove it from the pot.  My advice if you do use pressure cooker is to only add the 16 oz of water or else the flavor is not as strong.  I used 24 oz water and I had to add more spices later while It was frying.  To avoid dry pork, I stir fried it on ultra high heat until it was toasted on the outside and added the onions during the last 5 minutes.   Remember, you want it moist and tender inside and crispy on the outside so you must use high heat  to accomplish this.  Maybe a couple of bay leaves might make it better too.

I lived in the florida keys for years and this is not a good way to make it. If you want to know the real way....cook a pork roast in a crock pot all day til it falls apart. Cook in pan with onions and garlic, cumin, salt and pepper. Squeez lime juice at the end. Dont put cilantro in it....it does not belong in there! serve with black beans and yellow rice.

I had my doubts about using pork chops worrying they wouldn't shred. I would typically use a pork butt for shredded pork. They actually worked and unlike some of the others, mine were not dry at all. I did take a shortcut and cooked them in my pressure cooker so maybe that was the difference? The pork ended up needing quite a bit of salt and I think it could use more flavor so I'd add some cumin the next time I make this. Pork chops are a lot more affordable than pork butt so I would definitely make this again.

Yummy, but as others pointed out, it was a little dry. I found it helpful to save some of the reserved liquid to add to the pork in the pan while it was frying at the end.

tasty and easy.

I made this for a family get-together, and it was a big hit.  So flavorful!   The only changes I made were: I used a pork shoulder instead of chops and I didnt add the onions. Instead, I added onion power and sauteed sweet onions separately and served them as a side dish.

Pork was dry and needed more than what the recipe calls for. I will use the remainder in tacos. Most reviews mention that they will use a fattier cut of pork but I like to cook healthy so will not do that.

Good but a little dry, needs something.

OMG this recipe was so good.  Reminded me of my days living on Miami Beach and going to a small Cuban restaurant called Puerta Sagua at least 3 times a week.

I put my pork on a baguette, added some Swiss and toasted it in the oven and then dipped it the "au jus" prior to savoring each awesome bite.  Because I added an onion to my recipe... it was delicate and offered the perfect complimentary flavor profile to one delicious meal.

Will definitely make it again.

Kids and adults loved this dish.  We  always make a point of stopping at Havana Harry's and the Versailles Restaurant for Cuban pork chunks when in Miami.  This recipe produces a dish just as delicious as what we have found at these favorite restaurants.

Like Alleycat2, I used the pressure cooker following the instructions given in their review.  This pork came out terrific. I used thin sliced boneless pork chops. Having a hectic evening, I opted to serve this as a cuban-mexican fusion--shredded pork on flour tortillas with sour cream/lime/cilantro "sauce" and shredded lettuce.  Big hit with everyone, none left for lunch leftovers!

