My husband and I both really liked this and deemed it "A Repeat." I will say it is very weird to mix these ingredients--even looks weird when done--but it tastes delicious. It's even better left over (I ate it at work for several days). We had it as a dish by itself with no rice. I wouldn't change anything about this recipe. Very tasty, thank you!!

This is one of my very favorite meals.  The flavors are perfect together and leftovers are delicious.  The only thing I change are the tomatoes.  I use fire roasted canned tomatoes or Rotel for a little extra kick.  I also chop the raisins up for visual improvement for my picky eaters.

Great recipe!   I made it exactly as written but I couldn’t find a 12 oz can of chicken so I had to settle for a 10 oz can. (Downsizing or supply chain issues I guess.)

This is fantastic! I would never have thought to put green olives and raisins together in the same dish but it really works. Will definitely make this one again.

I used skinless boneless chicken chopped up and browned in some olive oil. This was good. Instead of raisins I will add chopped dates next time.

This is amazing!!! A big hit with the family. I just added tomato sauce ( 1 small can) for a little more sauce, and a tablespoon of brown sugar... YUM. Will definitely make this easy and tasty recipe again!

We really liked this recipe. I changed it slightly to improve on the chicken. (I started with fresh boneless thighs and chopped them up and marinated with lime and jerk chicken spice mix, I stir fried the chicken and then added about 1 tablespoon maple syrup. After cooking fully, I removed it from the pan) Then I followed the recipe only changing by omitting the olives. Thanks for a wonderful recipe.

This dish was a big hit with my family. The ingredients sound weird but the flavors all come together for an amazing taste.

Excellent! Didn’t use bay leaf, didn’t have it. No other change. Everyone liked this, even my daughter who is not a fan of olives, had seconds.

My husband and I love this recipe! It is a keeper..I served it with brown rice.

