This recipe is very close to what Cuban Picadillo should be, but it was missing a few steps.

I was pleased to see that all the ingredients were included, some people can't see why olives and raisins should co-exist in the same dish... try it, delicious.

What I saw was missing was the beginning step. Picadillo, and practically all Cuban bean dishes are cooked into a "sofrito". A sofrito consists of a can of tomato sauce, an equal amount of water, garlic, onions, salt, and whatever herbs you prefer (typical cuban food uses a lot of oregano and I like to add cumin and a laurel leaf to my picadillo). Simmer the sofrito so that the garlic and onions start to cook and reduce the liquid to about 75%. Then add the beef to brown in the sofrito. Add the olives and raisins in as well so that the flavors incorporate with the rest of the pot. Add everything else in until the picadillo is cooked and the sauce is in the consistency you desire.

Serve with white rice or a side of Frijoles Negros, some Cuban bread, tostones, and a salad... and you'll be a HAPPY CUBAN FOODIE!

I am cuban and I have never used cilantro in my picadillo. Also,use diced tomato not paste and add dry sherry and let it simmer.That's the way my family always made it.

Great recipe.

Have.never had raisins in Picadillo before and not going to.start now. This isn't traditional Piccadilly recipe.

Amazing. I didn’t realize I made this wrong my whole life. Thank you.

My Cuban husband says too many olives for the amount of meat. So I cut those in half. Also usually increase the amount of meat and water (for more sauce) and omit cilantro. Sometimes throw in fresh chopped tomatoes. After you've made it a few times, you can just throw guess. And just like chili, it's better to make the day before!

A bit on the thick side but very close to Abuelos recipe. I will surely make it again with some minor adjustments.

Dont use the tomato paste!!! basically this turned out to be sloppy joes with olives... very disappointed!

This was very easy and delicious.  Quite a bit of prep but worth it!

Tasty fast recipe added a little of my pen potatoes cubes. Yummy.

Family loves this with these changes:  add:  about a tbsp. of capers, a cup of pine nuts, salt and coarsely ground pepper, cumin, a couple of bay leaves, and about 3 cups of diced yukon potatoes sauteed in chopped onions.  Omit:  cilantro.  Serve over rice, with a nice caesar salad on the side. BOMB comfort food!

