I made this recipe and used a whole chicken instead of chicken parts.  A visiting friend commented that the smell of the marinade was savory and made her hungry. The chicken marinaded for about five hours and that was enough to suffuse much of the meat with garlicky-sweet flavor.  The browned bits of seasonings on the skin was a big plus.  This fed my family, including picky children, without any complaint, only compliment!  I did serve with rice, but could see how with mashed potatoes and turning the pan drippings into gravy it would've been excellent too.

I guess I was expecting much more flavor from the marinade than what I got.  Don't get me wrong, the chicken was tender and moist, but I just didn't taste much in the way of seasonings.  Next time, I'll probably add some more cumin and maybe some smoked paprika or hot sauce for some zing.  Thanks, Karmicflower.

This was really flavorful - I made it exactly and marinated for six hours and it turned out great.  Served with homemade Mexican rice and the family thought it was a hit.  I'll definitely make it again.  I wouldn't change a thing.

Iv first tried this reception with boneless chicken thighs and baked at 350 for 30 minutes. They came out perfect!

This recipe is delicious! My very picky 8 year old says this is the best recipe on all of All Recipes. Like other reviewers, I reduced the oil down to 1/4 cup. I also reduced the salt to 1 teaspoon. I use 3 lbs of boneless, skinless chicken thighs and marinate for at least 4 hours. Then I pan fry until the pieces are cooked through (about 15 minutes). These are great in children tacos!

Ran out of cumin so substituted 1tsp caraway seed and 1/2tsp paprika.  It was great.

Great flavor in 4 hours. Much better than of the shelf mojo. My change I made was in using dime zest from the lime and orange

Great recipe!
I grilled these on my Cuisinart BBQ grill, turned out a amazing.
 My family enjoyed it.
 definitely a keeper

This was DELICIOSO. As a NYer who moved to Sacramento, I deeply miss going to my neighborhood Dominican restaurant. There aren't any Carib restaurants to match the ones back home, so I'm forced to hunt for tasty recipes. I searched high and low on the web for a recipe that was similar to their rotisserie chicken and the flavors here were super close. I made two 4.5 pound chickens and doubled the rest of the recipe, which resulted in a bit more liquid but actually turned out ok. Especially since I baked them for about 1.5 uncovered then another 45 mins covered the with my roasting pan top. Use your judgement. Ovens vary.

had this chicken type recipe from a Chicken Van at the side of the road in Marbella - Spain. Was amazing from there and wanted to make it at home. As it is street food/ take away it was served in a foil tin with the marinade in the bottom. A separate tin for fries and a fresh baked baguette to dip into the oil etc. After marinating the chicken, remove it from the bag and cook in an oven dish. Make sure you keep the marinade which you can reheat separately, add together the chicken juices from cooking and use to dip a fresh baguette into.

Made according to recipe, this was good, smelled good the first time I made this, but left us feeling it need a bit more.
Second time, I used BADA Sour Orange juice 1+cup, more garlic, and Serrano chili powder, marinated 18 hours in fridge, and roasted on a rotisserie.  Turned out much better, very moist, flavor permeated the entire chicken, and the skin was wonderful.  We also used homemade Pique, the traditional condiment served with meat in Puerto Rico & many islands. I will be submitting the recipe separately soon with the amounts used.

