Excellent recipe for a Cuban sandwich.  I subbed my own homemade cuban rolls for the ciabatta and grilled/pressed the sandwiches, which is traditional, rather than baking.

I agree with another reviewer. You would never add jalapeños to a Monte Cristo. This is not a Cuban sandwich as a Cuban sandwich would never have Chipotle anything nor would it be served on a ciabatta roll. This was a more like a fancy Mexican torta or just call it  a nice pork sandwich.

Love Cuban Sandwiches

I agree with another reviewer. You would never add jalapeños to a Monte Cristo. This is not a Cuban sandwich as a Cuban sandwich would never have Chipotle anything nor would it be served on a ciabatta roll. This was a more like a fancy Mexican torta or just call it  a nice pork sandwich.

Super tasty! It’s well worth the effort and I love the flavor in the onions, everything just comes together perfectly

Love, love, love!  The only problems we had were that it was too big of a sandwich for one person to eat and the spread was good enough.  The additional hot mustard was so not needed.  In fact, I think the mustard worked against the spread and we love the heat so it was not a heat issue.

Fantastic sandwich. The only changes I made was to the chipotle mayo - instead of the basil/garlic spread I added 1/2 teaspoon each  of dried basil and garlic. It turned out fantastic. We'll definitely make this again whenever we have left over pork loin.

So so good!! My husband and I loved these! I even made mine on gf bread and they were still super tasty!

These were delish!! I added chipolte peppers in adobo sauce. It gave the sauce a nice spin. I wasn't sure whether the completed mayo sauce was to go over the mustard, or if the mustard was to be alone. I mixed them, but I think the mustard should have been on the bottom slice, and the sauce on the top to separate the flavors. That's why I gave this 4 stars instead of 5.

Really simple and really tasty. Made it for the kids on movie night and they enjoyed the meal without making a mess - great alternative to pizza.

Excellent recipe for a Cuban sandwich.  I subbed my own homemade cuban rolls for the ciabatta and grilled/pressed the sandwiches, which is traditional, rather than baking.

