This is the genuine article.

I was once married to a Cuban whose  Grandmother made Picadillo a couple times a month and Chef John's recipe is very close.  

Abuelita did not include the olives which are a nice touch.  She did, however put a small pile of fried potatoes in the center of each serving which added a nice  crunch.  Since she was not concerned with photographing her picadillo  she served on top of a bed of rice and the fried potatoes provided the garnish.

Another essential feature of her Picadillo was a side of tostones or fried plantains.  Unfortunately, plantains can be hard to find in the Pacific North West.  Her tostones were not sliced plantain chips but were inch long chunks that were fried twice.  After the first frying they were cooled in iced salt water and then smashed, by hand,  between  two layers of paper towels before being  fried the second time.

Good recipe, added 1/2teaspoon paprika, and 1teaspoon of honey. Other than that, followed the recipe.

Followed the recipe and I hope everyone measures their ingredients because the 28 oz can of Cento Crushed Tomatoes was only 24 oz by my measuring cup.  I love how thick it was and I didn’t even notice the raisins.  We found it to be rather bland and added Datil Hot Sauce to it and it was much much better.

followed John's recipe and it was good

My husband and I both loved this dish!   I like it in a tortilla, and he ate his over rice.  The flavors in this are wonderful.  He’s already asked me to double it next time, and when do we get it again?  As always Chef John, great recipe. 😋

Update - The leftovers are amazing, would possible use as filling in a lettuce wrap. Use the raisins/currants.-Unique flavor. I don't care for raisins but I did use the raisins, as recipe intends. I will be making again with the raisins and extra, extra green olives.

This is a great recipe~I usually make it with ground turkey, and it's still awesome.
You can change the spices per your taste
(we like spicier, so I add more red pepper and cumin), but I've made it for friends with less. It is still great!
    Let it simmer as per the recipe; if you don't, you won't get the "meld' of flavors. I like to serve it w/yellow rice and a salad.

Not your traditional picadillo but it has so much flavor!

Made it exactly as the recipe calls for and it was so yummy!! I had reservations about the olives but decided to go with them. Very glad I did. I don’t like green olives but these seem to take on a different flavor. Absolutely will make this again. Big thumbs up Chef John!

Added full bunch of cilantro and one finely chopped carrot and we are absolutely thrilled with all the ways we can use this dish. 
I also highly recommend watching the video to start off with a sense of humor!

