We absolutely loved this!  The rub and the marinade gave the pork great flavor.   I  roasted the pork shoulder exactly as stated in the recipe and then refrigerated overnight.  The next day I cut the pork into chunks and cooked in a 375 degree oven for 20 minutes to get a nice crust and served as carnitas with homemade black beans and cilantro lime rice.  Wonderful recipe!

I was born and raised in Cuba. I have lived most of my live there (in Havana City and in a small country town in the province of Pinar del Río).I understand the reasons  why same recipes varies from one place to another one in the same country. Even the most known Cuban cookbooks,  offer same dishes with differences. But according to all the years I lived in Cuba, I've never seen in cookbooks or in different regions of Cuba a roasted pork prepared with coriander, lime juice, orange juice, olive oil (olive oil? oh my gosh! the lard has a distinctive flavor..., and white wine vinegar.We never use orange juice. We use bitter orange juice, aka sour orange that is available in many grocery stores, usually in the same aisles you find the vinegar and salad dressings. In my opinion, the use of orange juice, lime and white wine vinegar was added to the recipe to get a similar flavor of the bitter orange juice when they are mixed with orange juice.I would like to share with you some tips, some of them developed by myself:1. Cover the pan with aluminum foil to reduce evaporation, to avoid the pork becomes too dry. When you see it's already roasted, remove the aluminum foil and if you are roasting it with the skin (this is a plus in Cuba!), place the pork with the skin up, and set the oven to broil, so the skin becomes crunchy.2. Make incisions in the pork with a knife and with the help of a spoon or teaspoon drop there the seasoning. When I plan roasting pork days in advance, I use to prepare the marinate days before, so the sour orange get the flavor of all the condiments. The day before of roasting, I separate the sour orange of the rest of the solid condiments, using a strainer and inject the sour orange to the pork, so the flavor gets deep inside. All the remaining marinate must be rubbed to the pork. This will help you to keep the pork already roasted very juicy inside and truly roasted outside.3. If you have enough time an a smoker, just try to roast the pork in the smoker... it´s a very slow process but it worth the time you expend smoking the pork. You can also try to roast the pork in a charcoal grill. In this scenario, you will get the flavor similar to the one I enjoyed in the Cuban mountains with friends...

This is our all-time favorite pork recipe. Flavorful, succulent.  Great with traditional black beans and rice, excellent for sandwiches, burritos and tacos.  Make a big roast. You’ll be glad you did!

The marinade is excellent.  I added a bit of fresh ginger.  Since I used a 4lb pork loin, the cooking time is dramatically reduced.  400 for 20 minutes, 375 for maybe another hour. (You really don't want this to dry out)

I was born and raised in Cuba. I have lived most of my live there (in Havana City and in a small country town in the province of Pinar del Río).I understand the reasons  why same recipes varies from one place to another one in the same country. Even the most known Cuban cookbooks,  offer same dishes with differences. But according to all the years I lived in Cuba, I've never seen in cookbooks or in different regions of Cuba a roasted pork prepared with coriander, lime juice, orange juice, olive oil (olive oil? oh my gosh! the lard has a distinctive flavor..., and white wine vinegar.We never use orange juice. We use bitter orange juice, aka sour orange that is available in many grocery stores, usually in the same aisles you find the vinegar and salad dressings. In my opinion, the use of orange juice, lime and white wine vinegar was added to the recipe to get a similar flavor of the bitter orange juice when they are mixed with orange juice.I would like to share with you some tips, some of them developed by myself:1. Cover the pan with aluminum foil to reduce evaporation, to avoid the pork becomes too dry. When you see it's already roasted, remove the aluminum foil and if you are roasting it with the skin (this is a plus in Cuba!), place the pork with the skin up, and set the oven to broil, so the skin becomes crunchy.2. Make incisions in the pork with a knife and with the help of a spoon or teaspoon drop there the seasoning. When I plan roasting pork days in advance, I use to prepare the marinate days before, so the sour orange get the flavor of all the condiments. The day before of roasting, I separate the sour orange of the rest of the solid condiments, using a strainer and inject the sour orange to the pork, so the flavor gets deep inside. All the remaining marinate must be rubbed to the pork. This will help you to keep the pork already roasted very juicy inside and truly roasted outside.3. If you have enough time an a smoker, just try to roast the pork in the smoker... it´s a very slow process but it worth the time you expend smoking the pork. You can also try to roast the pork in a charcoal grill. In this scenario, you will get the flavor similar to the one I enjoyed in the Cuban mountains with friends...

Wow thanks for this one!  i had to swap out the white wine for apple cider vinegar, but the roast was fantastic!

I made this for Christmas dinner. It was so good. My personal preference would be for 3 garlic cloves (large, not the 4 large that I did) and a bit less cumin and coriander. Even though I overshot on temp (185) it was still moist and it was the most tender pork loin roast I've ever made.

Turned out fantastic. Got rave reviews from entire family. Great recipe.

Great recipe. I use smaller roasts and do it in the slow cooker. Tastes wonderful.  One day I might try to brown it before I put in  the cooker to get a little crust, but it tastes so good as is, I might not bother.

Wow. This was so good. Strong wonderful flavor!  I checked it at 145 degrees and it ran red.  Cooked to 170 delish!  Not dry at all and I only used a 2 lb roast!

This was a very tasty marinade. I also added lime and orange zest. I bought the wrong cut of port - that's what I get for rushing and looking for a smaller cut. I made this on a rib roast and found other instructions to make sure I cooked it alright. Will def make again with a larger crowd using a shoulder.

