1.12.19  This comment is in response to Teresa Rojas’ review on 1.11.19.  I’m the submitter of this recipe, I live in Florida which has a large Cuban population and MANY Cuban restaurants.  Although your way may be a “traditional” way, it’s not the only way to prepare Cuban black  beans.  There are many different styles of black beans home cooked in kitchens and restaurants (offering an option of white or yellow rice) throughout Florida as well as the rest of the U.S., and this recipe just incorporates some of those ingredients.  Just “Google” Cuban Black Beans or do a search on Pinterest, and you’ll see what I mean.  And that’s not to say there’s anything wrong with the traditional way, but there’s also nothing wrong with updating a traditional recipe which some call “bland,” to make it more interesting.

Glad to see Cuban black beans becoming mainstream. No lime; cilantro; bacon ; chicken broth; any jalapeño or hot spices in the Cuban black beans my great grandmothers, grandmothers, mother and I make. No garnish either. And never yellow rice. Plain water, Onion, garlic, green bell pepper, oregano, cumin and bay leaf along with cooking wine and olive oil. It’s a simple but delicious dish that tastes better the next day!

I made this, but coming from a Cuban family, we don't put jalapeños or bacon in our black beans.  Besides that, it's good, but not traditional.

Love, love, love this recipe...have been making it for years...I add a ham hock and some ham cubes along with the bacon!

My husband and I enjoyed it, but our two young kids didn't.  The flavor may have been too bold for them.   I followed the recipe, using a tip from the reviewers to reduce the liquid.  I used 4 cups instead of 6.  It was a decent consistency with a slight firmness to the bean...not soupy at all.  I also doubled the garlic because I LOVE garlic.  I'd make this recipe again...my kids will just have to deal with it.  Haha.Also, my store didn't have Sazon, so I had to do without.  I'll look for it and try to include it next time I make it.

I don’t usually like black beans (a pinto bean person myself) but this recipe has changed my opinion. The flavor is outstanding. I may have added a bit more onion & garlic than called for, just one jalapeño, 2 C broth, 3 C water & a teaspoon of BTB chicken. The beans  were a bit firm after 40 minutes, so cooked for another seven minutes. Will use them as a side dish and added to salads.  One last thing - YUM.

We love this recipe. Sometimes I leave out the bacon for those who don't eat pork and it's still very good. Like others say, there's a little too much liquid and I do cook them a little longer than the recipe says. When I have leftover beans I put them in the blender to make them mushier and then make quesadillas ( but with beans only and no cheese). Everyone loves them!

These are 100% the best beans, I only use 4 cups of liquid so the beans are not as soupy.

I needed something that would be hearty, on a winters day, and I needed to use my Instant Pot.  I found this recipe and have been using it now for several years.My husband is Cuban-Puerto Rican- Greek.  Trying to find stuff like his grandmothers or mother made is pretty tough, but he actually will ask that I make these beans!

Flavor is great.... After the prescribed time I had raw bean soup... Ended up cooking another 20 minutes (60 minute under pressure total). Beans finally cooked, but still soup. "Sauteed' for an additional 20 minutes and STILL pretty much soup....
Too bad it does taste great! BUMMER!

I had a little too much liquid left over but the flavor was great!

