i am cuban  we cook very simple , its better when you made a marinate like  mojo so we call it, sour orange, roasted cumin it has to be roasted so you can get the full flavor of the cumin seeds,oregano, black pepper ,sea salt ,lots of minced garlic, and a steak, we usually use a very thin steak like palomilla style(is a cuban thing) .we pound the steak with a hammer or any heavy object , then marinate into that mojo. you can after all the stekeas are marinating acut some white onons rings and dump it together, when frying the steaks  please do not let it cook all the way through, or however you like  to eat it, then after frying them set them on aside, in the same oil i use olive oil nt much just enough to give them a nice caramelized color outside, then add the onions and some of that mojo, frye the onions until translucients and then add the steaks, and tse them a bit them cover and simmer for just 4 mnts . and then.! que rico! a comer! let us eat with some black bean potage and white rice, fry green plantains mmmm yummy! i hope i help you somehow.

Flavor is good, but Rib Eye is always tender.

Delicious flavor!  I followed the marinade recipe exactly.  I only had skirt steak available so I marinated it for approximately 3 hours.  I broiled on hi on the top rack 4 minutes on each side.  It was perfect.  I have never seen my 7yr old daughter eat so much.  She couldn't get enough.  I will definitely be making this again.One little tip is that I made the marinade in a bowl before roasting the cumin seeds.  That way, I could immediately pour them into the liquid as soon as they were fully cooked.

This marinade is punched up by toasting the cumin seeds. I marinated about 4 hours imparting great flavor and extra tenderizing. Did not have Montreal Seasoning so used a rub I had mixed together, so "you" can use other options as well. Served with a raw corn and arugula salad with a yummy vinaigrette.

I really enjoyed this recipe.  I followed the recipe except I cooked it on the stovetop in a cast iron skillet. I will make this again

My wife is a Big steak lover, me not so much. But she said it was the best steak she’s ever had!

This is so so good! I used cumin powder instead  because i dont have seed in hands. No left over, we all love it!

This was really fresh change to the typical marinade for barbecued steak.   I was out of Montreal steak sauce and supplemented Italian seasoning with ground pepper and it turned out great.
Very fast and easy to prepare.

Some people say you should use sour orange juice, but I can't find any place around here that sells sour orange, but this comes out excellent as written.

I had a bizarre craving for steak. Like pregnancy craving bad haha! Anyways I was looking up steak marinades and found this gem and I’m so happy I did! IT WAS ONE OF THE BEST STEAK MARINADES IVE EVER HAD! The only thing was I could not find any cumin seeds at the store I was at so I substituted it with grounded cumin. And I only used 1/8 of a tsp. I’m sure with the actual seeds it tastes more amazing but I couldn’t find any!

I used boneless NY Strip and marinated for about 4 hours. I can’t get over how tasty this is! I can’t wait to try this again.

