I have been making a version of this all my life.  Having grown up in Tampa, it was a staple for Sunday lunches or anytime during the week.  The ONLY difference in this reciped and mine is that I use ham steak instead of chorizo.  You just chop it up and stuff it in the roast like the chorizo.  My grandma could not eat the spice chorizo and there was always leftover ham to use in this.  For optimal flavor, marinate overnight.  You can do it in three hours if you must but it is even better if you plan ahead and let it sit.  WONDERFUL!!!!!

This was pretty good, my wife didn't like it tho. I used all the ingredients the recipe called for, but after stuffing the roast with chorizo, and rubbing the spice paste, I threw everything, including the marinade, in the slow cooker, and cooked on low for 6 hours. 
  The beef was tender and had a nice citrus flavor. 
I served it over rice, and poured the juice over it.  I don't know if it would have been any better if I had seared it, and cooked in the oven.

I've made a Boliche from a different recipe many times.  I liked the citrus ingredients in this one and decided to try it. I did rub and sear mine then put in a slow cooker, which is how I usually prepare it.   Left out the sherry as I didn't have any.  Overall this was flavorful.  I was surprised there was no salt in the rub, but I didn't add it as none of the other reviews suggested it.  We don't use a lot of salt, but this really needed some and it's never as good sprinkled on top after cooking.  I am sorry I didn't add at least 1/2 t.  A quick option to chorizo if you can't find it is a stick of pepperoni.

Tasty. Easy. Exotic. What more can we ask? It has become a solid part of our repertoire!

I've never liked Pot Roast, but this was delicious. I skipped all the marinate ingredients and bought "Mojo" sauce. (I live in Miami, it's a standard Hispanic marinate sold everywhere here).  It has all the same ingredients and it's much easier to open a bottle!

I changed up a little bit...I used an elk roast instead of beef and made it in a slow cooker.  I marinaded the roast overnight.  The meat was well flavored throughout (not just the outside) and plenty tender.  Pleasant tangy flavor with a hint of sweetness.  I will make it again.  I think adding a little cumin, a pinch of red pepper (or a chopped jalapeno) and a little cilantro at the end could take this to a whole new level.

Made this for Christmas dinner, am late with the review, but everyone loved it and it made the house smell amazing.

This was pretty good, my wife didn't like it tho. I used all the ingredients the recipe called for, but after stuffing the roast with chorizo, and rubbing the spice paste, I threw everything, including the marinade, in the slow cooker, and cooked on low for 6 hours. 
  The beef was tender and had a nice citrus flavor. 
I served it over rice, and poured the juice over it.  I don't know if it would have been any better if I had seared it, and cooked in the oven.

This was the first time I cooked with Chorizo Sausage and cooking Sherry. It didn’t call for the baby carrots, but what pot roast is complete with them? This was amazing! I'll be keeping this one in the book.

I made a few changes.

No oregano.   Rosemary and sage for the rub.
Red wine rather than sherry
No potatoes.
I didn’t use too much olive oil for browning the roast.
After bringing roast and liquid to boil on cooktop in cast iron pot, I put it in oven (covered) at 400°C for 30-45 minutes, basting every 15 minutes or so and then turned it down to 350°C for another 90 minutes.  Let roast sit covered with foil for at least 20 minutes while you reduce the liquid.  It got rave reviews.

I made this with the Chorizo but my roast wasn't really thick enough to stuff the chorizo into the middle so I stuffed it in the crevices where I could.  It was very yummy.  Everyone loved it!

