This recipe is amazing! I actually cooked it for my Cuban in-laws and they all loved it! The steak by itself is amazing, but we kicked it up a notch by adding a Creole mojo on top. The recipe for the mojo is as follows: 1. Mash 6 cloves of garlic (we used the whole ones you can get in a plastic jar) and place them in a bowl. 2. Add equivalent to a whole onion (sliced) into the bowl as well - an added secret is to use the onions from the marinade you made for the steaks instead of tossing them out! 3. Add the juice of two limes to the bowl. 4. Heat up two cups of pork-grease or canola oil in a saucepan on high. The key is to COOK IT ON HIGH UNTIL IT BEGINS TO SMOKE! As soon as the oil/grease begins to smoke, remove it from heat and pour it into the bowl you prepared with the garlic, onions, and lime juice! The heat from the hot oil will cook everything and make an awesome topping for the steak! Be careful because it will pop and sizzle when you add it! 5. Let the mixture sit until it cools a little (give it time to cook the onions and garlic).

I thought the lime was too overpowering, which is weird 'cause I normally love it! I had only marinaded it for 20 minutes. I had added cumin and some sage, but perhaps that's what gave it the gritty aftertaste. Got potential, just needs more tweaking for myself and hubby. Though it was a major hit with the kids. ;D

I made this and it was delicious.  We grilled it.  Had no onions but still amazing!  Used Dos xx beer...that’s all I had.  Didn’t have seasoned salt so mixed1  tbsp salt, 1 tbsp pepper and 1 teaspoon paprika - mixed together and then used 1 tspn of the mixture for the recipe. Had no meat tenderizer - so i put meat in a baggie before adding the rub  or other ingredients...and whacked it with a heavy ladle handle until it was evenly whacked and a little thinner : ).  Meat was super tender and flavorful.  It was limey as others have said but we loved that.  This is a keeper - thanks for sharing!

Flavor of beer overpowered the beef. Was not happy at all with the results.

I used this on Lamb also very good

I made beef and chicken this way and sliced for fajitas. Awesome. Next time I would marinate a bit longer.

Wow, wonderful recipe!  Thanks!  I made it last night and my husband loved it.  I don't have a grill, so I had to pan fry the steaks and they turned out very nicely.  I made 2 steaks, so I did not use the same amount of ingredients as the recipe called for.

I thought the lime was too overpowering, which is weird 'cause I normally love it! I had only marinaded it for 20 minutes. I had added cumin and some sage, but perhaps that's what gave it the gritty aftertaste. Got potential, just needs more tweaking for myself and hubby. Though it was a major hit with the kids. ;D

I liked it but the Hubby and son said they could taste the beer. Maybe because I used corona which is a bit bitter. Next time I'll use a pale ale and orange slices or juice.

soooooo easy and soooooo good! husband loved it! definitely a keeper recipe!

Most excellent just the way I have gotten it in the Caribbean and South America. I suggest using Pacifico or Negra Modelo as it has more of the Cuban Bucanero flavor, more nutty than other Lagers. Also don't get rid of your onion once the marinade is done! I use two onions and then sauté them as a side. Also pair with red or black beans and rice. Can't go wrong here!

