I have some suggestions to make this a five star recipe. The suggested "kick" needed is not the perfect dressing, but is, instead, the perfect blend of spices-- garlic and a little cayenne pepper or diced jalapeno. For those who wish to marinate more then 15 minutes, wait to add the avocado until just before serving, otherwise it gets soggy. And if you want to marinate overnight, there is no need to cook the shrimp at all, as the lime juice will do so.   I sauteed the shrimp lightly with olive oil and a bit of Cajun spices, then added all the ingredients plus garlic, cayenne pepper and a bit of red onion.  Then I marinated it for an hour. My husband and I spent a year in Baja MX and Central America and we ate all versions of this dish, so we have tasted it all! He had two helpings and finished his plate. This version is a keeper!

Since I love all the individual ingredients (avocado, shrimp, pepper, tomato, CILANTRO, etc) that part was yummy.  However, as much as I like a nice salad with EVOO, lime juice, salt and pepper, I found the same boring on this shrimp salad.  As the submitter says in her heading, trying a favorite salad dressing might work.  The base ingredients are great... finding the right dressing combination could make it a five star recipe.

This salad is Awesome!  I found a seasoning at Sprouts called "Mango Lime".  It has a hint of heat, not too much. I used the seasoning liberally and withheld the salt and pepper. Letting the salad sit for 10 to 15 minutes is important, so that the flavors can meld. By the way, I use the Mango Lime on everything: beef, chicken, and especially vegetables. This has become my "go-to" seasoning.

I made it as directed and was fortunate to have fresh tomatoes that added fresh flavor.  It was for a Cuba Fest and was very well liked.

Made this using blackened tilapia instead of shimp.  It was such a delicious and filling salad that I'll have to make it again!

OMG, that recipe was just ridiculously good!!!

This is a great recipe. I used it as a side dish for a cuban pork roast. I did not include the shrimp, was very good. Can't wait to eat the leftovers for lunch today

I don't like cilantro so I left that out. Otherwise, I made it mostly as written except that I used the juice of one whole lime, which I think was more than 2 TBS, next time I'd add at least one more, and I cooked the shrimp using a cajun spice mix and served the shrimp warm with salad on top. The spices from the shrimp made the salad quite flavorful and a little went a long way.

This is a beautiful salad.  I added diced cucumber and one lemon which was good except it became a little watery so I poured out the liquid and added some red wine vinegar.  The lemon/lime keeps the avocados from browning and the salad is refreshing, tangy and super easy.  I also left out the cilantro since I can't stand it (tastes like soap to me).

I made this with a home made Cilantro Vinaigrette dressing. I've made it to recipe as well, and think the flavors are fabulous either way. It is an excellent combination of flavors.

This is easy and fantastic.  If you need to bring something to a dinner party this will easily be the best dish there!  Looks lovely, tastes great!!

