i suggest using the plantine bananas. they are firmer and hold up better. just right. not mushy then.

Sorry...we did not enjoy this. it was too sweet and turned to brown mush.Would not make again.

I didn’t have brandy on on hand and I added 1 cup of previously frozen blueberries around the edges before baking. And, it turned out fantastic! It was a little runny at first but gelled up a tad while it rested through our picadillo dinner. I will definitely make this again.

4.15.18  We had a total Cuban meal today, and these bananas served over a scoop of vanilla ice cream were a stellar finish!  I really didn’t measure anything, just sort of eyeballed it, used Truvia® Brown Sugar Blend and I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter® Organic Spread in place of butter to lighten it, and baked for 30 minutes. Also, I drizzled the rum over the bananas before they went into the oven, giving the alcohol a chance to cook off and just leave you with that rich rum flavor.  Thanks for sharing your nice recipe, we all enjoyed it.

Yes, SERVE WARM, over vanilla ice cream, as another viewer suggested.  It does turn brown and ugly the longer it sets.  This dish got complements from guests on our Cuban food night, and I would be happy to make it again.  Its very easy to do and I put in the oven as we sat down to dinner so it would be warm at dessert time.  Changes I made:   I used Cuban rum (didn't have any brandy) and plumped the raisins as suggested by another site, in 2 T melted butter and the rum prior to putting together. I sprayed the pan with butter flavor spray, used splenda blend brown sugar, and reduced butter by 2 T.  It made a single layer in a  9x13 baking dish, and only needed about 20+ min baking. I may possibly increase the pecans and reduce the raisins slightly next time if I remember.  This is a great recipe for an easy dessert that everybody liked.

It was delicious. The only change I made was that I used cooking bananas( which I got at Publix). The recipe is very easy and quick and tastes delicious

Very easy recipe to follow...
We're having a Cuban themed Potluck and this was perfect!

Tried making with with plantains.  Cooked it for 30 minutes as suggested.  I think u need to cook the  plantains longer, they were not soft, not cooked through.

Served this to guests and it was not liked by many.  We ate it, but no one asked for seconds.

Nothing Cuban about this dish! This is not a Cuban recipe; not traditional or inspired. No respectable Cuban would eat this mess.

Very easy to make, used a dairy free butter substitute and it worked just fine.   Made just a small amount to test the recipe..   This will be perfect on French toast for a special brunch I'm planning.  I did add a touch of vanilla before baking.

Excellent flavor, although quite sweet (but that will work for the french toast)

