I am the author of this recipe. I agree with one of the reviews, stating that it came out bland. I always add 2-3 tbsp cumin - hence "to taste".

this was ok, it needs a lot more flavor...I added some salsa at the end and it helped

I tried this with pork instead of chicken, but otherwise, followed the directions.  When it was cooked and I tried it, I agreed with many of the reviewers.  It needed some extra help.  I added a lot more garlic and cumin and we liked it a lot.  Tonight we are having left-overs as burritos, and I will be making this again.  Thank.

Easy, good flavor!

This is a really delicious base recipe.  I added more onion, bell peppers, twice the amount of tomato paste, garlic , cumin, and cooking wine (Sherry). I also used a little less coarse salt (healthier for our purposes) and more fresh ground black pepper. I also added oregano to the chicken while it was cooking and after it had been pulled apart and was stewing with the vegetables.  Overall, great recipe and would encourage people to add spices as needed based on their taste.

Amazing! I tweaked it a bit by adding two chipotle peppers in adobo to the stewing part and some smoked paprika and a pinch of sugar to the saute part.

It was a huge hit and will be making it often

I tried adding olives, Adobo, and extra cumin but the flavor of the broth is very bland.  I agree with a lot of reviewers here about the blandness.

I love love loved it, my kids devoured it. I did add a little adobo, but other than that, a favorite for my family. Great recipe, thank you =)

I have made this recipe twice now. The first time I followed the directions verbatim, and it was okay.  The second time I made it for a baby shower and decided to add some some extra flavor to it.  I tripled the garlic that is added to it the second part of the recipe and for the tomato puree I used a can of Rotel and just pureed it in the food processor. I also bumped up the cumin A LOT, also added Adobo seasoning to taste and used a little white pepper.  I made 6 lbs and left with an empty dish.  It was amazing. Thank you so much for the recipe.

This was delicious. I threw the chicken and veggies in corckpot and cooked for 4 hours. Did the rest on the stove. I did add 2-3 T of cumin and added nearly a whole can of tomato puree. Served this with white rice and baked plantain chips.. yumyum Will make again. easy dinner

I served this recipe to High School Students as a School Lunch Chef Display - I used slightly baked Pita bread ( in place of a tortilla ) and served it Fajita Style, being a school meal I had to omit the Wine but replaced it with RED WINE vinegar and it turned out nice, served it with a Red Bean and Rice Side dish and topped it with a Pineapple Mango Salsa.  Great Dish - the students gave it a thumbs up.

