I used rabbit and this was a sensational dish. The savoury flavour was enhanced by the sweetness of the raisins. I think it would also be excellent with chicken.  Try this recipe you won't be disappointed.

This was a waste of ingredients. Even though my Cuban friend was siked that I was going to ccok it. It was not a hit at my house.

Itv was really good

Great dish! It's very close to one my abuelita used to make. I've made it a couple times with bone-in cut up chicken legs and thighs. Be sure to simmer on very low heat, so the chicken stays tender. The 2nd time, I used chicken broth instead of water, only because I had some lying around. I serve it with rice, because it makes a lot of "pot liquor".

I had just bought a rabbit and this recipe happened along.  I  was  attracted by the unusual mix of ingredients.  The idea of potatoes didn't appeal, but I finally put in a couple of very small ones.  I was right and if I make this again I will leave them out.  I forgot all about the peas, but wouldn't put them in.  I followed the measures, with the exception of the green peppers, capers, raisins and olives.  I put in amounts that suited me.  It was delicious and I had so much sauce left that in the evening I ate it again with another meat.

Good recipe, raisins added a interesting element.  Didn't have enough White wine so substituted some red wine about an 1/8 cup.  Cooked in the recommended time rabbit was a little tough.  Took left over rabbit and placed in a pressure cooker for 11 minutes with liquid from recipe added an extra cup of water for the pressure cooking.  Rabbit was then fall off the bone.  De-boned and returned mixture to vegetables.

Excellent, a different kind of dish for rabbit besides stew is great!

This is a keeper for sure.. i did tweek it every other time i made it (5 times) the original recipie is nice however being i am also caribbean i love my food with more spices and a bit stronger flavor. i have added a bit more salt., a half habanero, and 2 culantro leaves... also i have substituted the green beans for gandules (pigeon peas) and let me tell you.. WOW!

This is a really interesting recipe.  Not for everyone but if you like something a bit different this is great.  Very tasty, I served this for dinner guests and everyone was blown away.  I didn't use all of the water, only about half and I used frozen peas, excellent.  Serve with a spiced rice or mashed potatoes.

This was a waste of ingredients. Even though my Cuban friend was siked that I was going to ccok it. It was not a hit at my house.

I tried this one today. I didn't have saffron so I used a little curry. It was very good.

