This was sooo good. I'm Cuban American, I forgot all about this recipe (DUH).  It brought back Tons of memories of my Mom in the Kitchen.  I'm extremely afraid of a presure cooker ( Boom!! comes to mind)  but I used a Dutch oven, over the stove. I made it how my Mom showed me. I made it with Chicken thighs and legs and browned them in the pan a little but not cooked through.  My Mom would add Green olives to the Fricasse.  I also used Green bell pepper, Onions, Lots of Garlic and a Bay leaf with some Vino Seco, (dry white wine) tomato sauce with a little water.  Don't forget to scrape the bottom of the pan for the chicken drippings. Took about 35 to 45 minutes and the chicken was coming off the bone. Mmmmm,  so good my family loved it. I'll be making this again Serve over steamed rice and platanitos fritos ( Fried sweet plantains).

Sorry, too bland for my tastes. Needs black pepper or something with a bit of a kick. Thanks for the recipe. Wish I would have liked it.

Everybody loved it. And it is sooo easy to do!

very mild flavor, wish I wouldn't have put in so much water but got nervous about the pressure cooker that I don't use very often.  the onions and peppers really didn't have a chance to shine through.  My 6 year old daughter wanted me to put it at 4 stars because she loved it.

I recommend slightly less water but otherwise, it was delicious

Very tasty for people in the mood for a simple rice and beans dish compliment.  Made as suggested by reviewer Arlene Lopez in a Dutch oven.  I browned three skin-on thighs and four skin-on drumsticks.  Make sure to drain as much of the oil off as possible after browning.  Added olives at the end. Yummy!! I will Remember  to add green peppers and white wine as directed next time.  Thanks Arlene

De-Lish-Us!!! I added s pinch of Cayenne pepper for a little heat... A do- over for sure!

This was really good! I followed the recipe, but used chicken broth for the water and took suggestions of adding bay leaves during cooking and green olives  at the end. The BF was greatly impressed! Thank you for sharing!

For more authentic flavor, add 2 bay leaves to "sofrito" mixture of onions bell peppers garlic and tomato sauce before closing pressure cooker. For a  tasty add in, I add olives stuffed with pimentos once chicken is thoroughly cooked.

Turned out good - I think I added too much water - my sauce was pretty watery.

