10.15.16  Made half a recipe which called for half of a small butternut squash (and mine was small).  I peeled and cut that half into cubes, but if I’d used  all of it, the meat/sauce mixture wouldn’t have even covered the squash.  I ended up using about a quarter of a small squash.  I did use Spanish tomato sauce which gave it a little kick of heat, and added a whole bay leaf (not ground bay leaf) to the picadillo, removing it before serving.  I typically add potatoes to my picadillo, but the butternut squash was a nice change.  I live in Florida, I’ve eaten a lot of picadillo (love it, too), and this is a good recipe.  MarieSoler, thanks for sharing.

This recipe looked and appeared to be potentially delicious and it was, just that exactly.  Only thing I changed was using a little less hot sauce to suit my own taste.  However, I can taste how much better it would have been if I could tolerate more hot sauce in it.  I will be making this again;it's a keeper.

It was good but a little more meat wouldn't hurt

My husband and I loved this dish. I cut recipe  in half. I used fresh oregano instead of parsley, I didn’t have onion powder so left it out. The best part we’re the green olives. I added squash, zucchini, and green olives toward the end because I don’t like them cooked too long. I added a few sliced green olives for a garnish. If you do that don’t use too much salt.

Enjoyed the flavor and addition of butternut squash.  Made my own sazon seasoning, from Allrecipes recipe, which had similar ingredients as remaining spices listed. This made it more tedious.

Made it exactly as written and it was delicious. I even made empanadas with the leftovers the next day. My daughter and her boyfriend loved them as well. Great recipe and quick & easy to make.

I thought it was very good. Very versatile, good to have in burrito or on pasta or by it self with a fresh baguette.

This is outstanding! I added two cups of water and a package of Goya Spanish Rice, before bringing. I highly recommend it.

I make it very similar but add raisins. 
I am very careful with the salt as the olives are salty. Instead of the sasson I put some curry powder, it gives lots of oepf...

It came out delicious I didn't have all of the ingredients like the squash and seasoning mentioned, but still came out really good

