It was a bit bland for me and not very Cuban. I added cumin, lime, black beans, paprika. Also, ned to roast millet prior to adding to sautéed veg, obviously

I followed this as directed, only adding 1t. smoked paprika and 1/4 t cayenne.  It took about 15 minutes longer to cook than stated, and came out slightly crunchy, but mostly mushy.  I'm not sure if I did something wrong in the cooking or it's supposed to be mushy.  It was still a bit boring as a side dish, so I will probably add black beans and other spices to it.  I may then add cheese and eat as a meal.

I used shallots  cilantro  some chicken stock Sas'on

I added cayenne, cumin, brown sugar, oregano, annatto seeds, rinsed black beans and tomato paste. I also used "Better Than Boullion" seasoned roast chicken flavor. Turned out EXCELLENT!!!

I would definitely make this again.  I did use organic chicken broth instead of vegetable broth.

This was super tasty as is, had with some grilled chicken. Not sure how diet it is since millet is known to block thyroid hormone, but it sure is tasty!

I added one green onion, a stalk of celery, about 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper.   I used 2 level  teaspoons of vegetable bouillon and slightly more than 2 cups water.    

This is my first dish with millet and I was afraid it might get too soft.  I stopped cooking just in time.  Next time I will use slightly less liquid and stop a little sooner in hopes of a little more crunch.

The time cooking seems a little greater than is stated but I always monitor it  toward the end and rarely pay close attention to time.  It is more important to inspect and taste.

Absolutely looove this recipe. Simple, quick, healthy and sooooo tasteful. I even (most of the times) skip the peppers and its still great!!!!! The cilantro though its a must!!!! and lots of it.

I followed this as directed, only adding 1t. smoked paprika and 1/4 t cayenne.  It took about 15 minutes longer to cook than stated, and came out slightly crunchy, but mostly mushy.  I'm not sure if I did something wrong in the cooking or it's supposed to be mushy.  It was still a bit boring as a side dish, so I will probably add black beans and other spices to it.  I may then add cheese and eat as a meal.

I made this recipe precisely, except that I added about a 1/4 tsp. of cayenne and 1 tsp. of paprika for a little more kick. I thought it tasted excellent, and I'll definitely be saving it for future use as a side dish or a light main course. Thank you for a great recipe!

I added cumin, paprika, black beans and smoked beef sausage. I also used beef broth, red bell pepper, 3 cloves of garlic and a jalapeno pepper. topped it with a little sour cream and my picky eater had seconds! turned out really good!

