Almost exactly the same way I cook Picadillo! Only I used white wine and did not have capers. Delicious. My entire family loves Picadillo.

The capers are overpowering.

I was hesitant because this isn’t how I was taught to make it but my 85 year old Cuban immigrant mother approved of the final result

Just had this for dinner.  Another allrecipes A +.  Only did black beans (not the rice) - as I figured the potatoes were enough of a carb.  
Taste was unique and awesome.  Who would think that capers, olives, and golden raisins would meld?  

Jim H.

I only had a little over one pound of ground beef, so I had to adjust the amount of spices. I used the whole 15 oz. of tomato sauce and about a cup of wine. Extra raisins and olives! Served the beef over rice with the potatoes on top of each serving to keep them crispy! It was yummy??

It was okay, I thought it would be WAY better.

minor changes to suit personal preferences, wonderful recipe. My wife and daughter have requested I add it to my meal options.

I made this recipe and had never had it before but it sounded really good. It was delicious and definitely going to make again. To save on dishes (and time) I put the potatoes in the microwave instead of boiling. I don't think it made a huge difference. I loved the flavor of this recipe, especially the raisins!!

Substituted yellow peppers to make it sweeter

I have never had Picadillo so I can't compare to others but both my husband & I enjoyed this recipe.  I adjusted the amount to 4 servings to meet the needs of my 1# ground beef.  I made 2 potatoes and it would have been better with only 1.  We were both leery of the raisins but they didn't even taste like raisins after simmering with the wine & tomato sauce.  I will definitely make this again.

7.10.20 ... https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220167/cuban-style-picadillo/ ... I like trying completely new-to-me recipes. The wine doesn't just enhance. It's a much bigger star in this than say spaghetti sauce. I'm fine with that, but the others here not so much. 'More for me.

