Quite possibly the best steak I have ever made! I used flank steak and cut back the cilantro by about half. The citrus flavors don't overpower, they accent and bring out the beef. High heat on the grill and be careful not to overcook. It melts in your mouth...

My first ever review of an allrecipe.  I shy away from Chef John's recipes because I am not that great of a cook.But this one seemed simple with ingredients that were easy to get.Wow.  It was fantastic.My new favorite beef recipe!Only one alteration.  Didn't use skirt steak because it wasn't available. We used flank steak instead.But this marinade can be great for many cuts of beef.We sliced it thin and had it in tortillas with the onions which we sauteed with pepper strips.  Added sour cream and guac with the tortillas and it was delicious!

Great taste! Easy to make. The limes work so well to make the sour orange. Everyone loved it and asked me for the recipe!

Wowza! This was wonderful!  We followed exactly as written and marinated for 3 hours. Every single bite is so flavorful. This is definitely a keeper.  Thank you Chef John!

I followed the recipe exactly. Great flavors. My husband said it was company worthy.

Made exactly as described except seared it on a flat top griddle instead of open flame. Turned out extremely delicious with a really appealing citrus flavor.

An excellent marinade that creates a tender, succulent finish. The citrus compliments the onion and creates a natural carmelization when grilled.  I added them to some basalmic and garlic asparagus and now the family has asked that I include it the next time we make it. Yes, this is so good it is already on the calendar again for supper next week!

Another winner from Chef John. I marinated the skirt steak for 20 hours and the flavors are rich and tangy. Definitely add some cilantro and lime when serving to add some brightness.

Usually get the H-E-B brand skirt steak that is delicious and seasoned in a package.  Found some other skirt steak on sale and decided to recreate our weekly dish with Chef John's take.  A couple of changes to it - I added 1.5 teaspoons of cayenne pepper, included corn from the cob (it's in season), grilled the onions with green peppers on the side burner,  and made a tomatillo salsa. My kids ate it all before my wife came home leaving her none.

This marinade was so delicious!  Marinated about 8 hours.  Our grill is not dependable so I cooked this on high heat in a grill pan, 2.5 min per side.  Perfectly medium and so flavorful.  Can’t wait to have leftovers.  Thank you!

