This is a good version of the Cuban  as we know it but not the original, love all the different versions. Pork is  spicy roasted, ham is also fresh not processed, good swiss cheese, dill pickles,cover the sandwich along with the mustard sauce.Cuban bread crispy on outside soft inside, heat on both sides, press with spatcular.do not melt cheese.
This is from my brother- in-law, who is from cuba.

I've been making these sandwhiches for years only I use a club roll like a Paninni bread and 86 the maoy and mustard I use cilantro, parsley, garlic, hot chile flakes and olive oil, puree in food prosessor to make a pesto and spread that on the roll, you'll love it better and it's better for you

Pork needs to be preheated. You'll never get it hot 8n the pan without burning the bread. Too much cheese, ham and pork. Reduce all by half. Sweet bread is wrong. If you can't get or make Cuban bread, use baguette. Long slices of dill pickle is the way to go.

So yummy and easy!

This is great especially for those who don't live in Florida.

Good way to use up leftover pork loin roast. Okay sandwich. Kept falling apart when we took bites out of ours. Maybe too much filling for the buns? Made with Kings Hawaiian rolls & thought it was a tad too sweet. Actual rating. 3.5 (70%), but that isn’t,t an option on AR site.

I think the recipe is great.  I think the picture barely resembles the recipe.  What is up with that?  Plantain chips?  That is clearly not the bread described.

The family liked the sandwich.  Our local grocery store (rural) didn't have the type of bread listed so we used a bun but I think I will use a different bread next time, Hawaiian style.

Great sandwich I added some banana pepper rings.

WAY TOO MUCH filling in each sandwich.  A quarter pound of each of the meats and of the cheese made such a tall sandwich that it barely fit in my panini press (the same one shown in the video), I then tried the cast iron pan method. The cheese still melted and ran everywhere and while the edges where warm, the center of the meat layers were cold.  I recommend using 1/4 the amount of filling per sandwich. 

Having re-watched the video, I doubt that it used the quantities that were listed in the printed recipe.

This was so easy to make and the kids love it. Use French hoagie rolls Served it with thin and crispy plantain chips

