This recipe is tasty, but for the purists out there -- Cubans do not eat tortillas, sour cream, cheese, etc. Ropa vieja would be served over white rice, with a side of black beans and fried sweet plantains. =) That's what I recommend -- I'm Cuban! =)

We thought this was average in taste. I cooked this on high for 4 1/2 hours, after which it still wasn't as tender as I was hoping and was quite chewy. I agree that it could use some salt and I suggest using a boneless chuck roast rather than flank steak (cooking on low for 8 hrs), which I personally think would yield a much better result. It has potential!

It came out delicious!

I like it

Nice

Didn't go well with sour cream to me but otherwise great

This recipe needs salt. I would add two teaspoons. Otherwise, cooked very nicely and the meat was very tender.

Good recipe, however it needs about 5 hours on high in a crockpot for the meat to become tender enough to shred; then that transfer it to a skillet pan and add more seasoning to taste, because this recipe lacks in flavor. I added salt, more cumin, garlic, complete seasoning, more  tomato paste and also cut more onions/green peppers as in the crockpot they almost disintegrates. I let it cook in the pan with the lid on until almost all the liquid evaporates and WOW what a game changer, it was delicious. I give it 3 stars because it is a good recipe, but you do have to season it to taste…because it is otherwise bland.

This was a great and delicious recipe.  My in laws are Cuban, so I’ll show off my new found Cuban culinary skills with this dish next I see them.  I used a chuck roast instead of flank and used kosher salt.

I’ve made this several times over the years and gotten all sorts of compliments on this dish; Including that it tasted like a friend’s Cuban grandmother’s recipe.  As some reviewers said do long and slow, normally 8-10 hours. The few times I tried 4 hours, it tasted rushed and wasn’t as tender. I also don’t brown the meat prior to cooking. Other than that I cook the whole thing as listed in the crockpot and just serve it over rice.

I made it exactly as the recipe was written and everyone loved it. Thank you for sharing.

