I am Donna Q and I posted this recipe.  All Recipes made a few changes to it before putting in on the website.  1.  Parchment paper is not necessary.  I've never had these cookies stick.  2.  Mix ingredients well but batter should not be smooth!  The nuts and oatmeal are what give them the great texture.  3.  Use a teaspoon to drop onto cookie sheet so that the cookies are very small.  Because they're crumbly and sugared they are easier to eat if they are really small.  Enjoy!

I will not make this again.  It was dry and not very tasty, my boyfriend wouldn't even try one, as he said it was very grey looking....

Fantastic!!! They are like no other Oatmeal cookie I have ever had. These cookies are a gourmet treat. I glazed them with a citrus glaze make with confectioners sugar. YUMMY

Love love love them!   Very addictive.  I sent a plate of them to my neighbor across the street and she called a few minutes later and said she had already eaten most of them.  I will be making these for Christmas.  Thank you Donna Q for the recipe.

Tried with monkfruit crystals and no pecans. Didn't "powder" them afterward. Excellent.

No changes.  I made these and they were wonderful.  I'm sure they will be added to my Christmas selection later this year.

I didn't have pecans, so I made it without that ingredient. The cookies came out very soft but hardened after they cooled. They were still very delicate and easy to break. But they are good! I also didn't put confectioner's sugar on the cookies afterward.

As they are baking, the smell is wonderful.

These cookies are soooooooo wonderfully delicious.  Melt in your mouth good.

Very good! Light and crisp. People loved this cookie.  I did process the oatmeal per other reviewer suggestions.  I also dropped about 1/3 teaspoon for bite-sized cookies.  Loved it!

very fragil, fall apart to easy.

I always roll cookie dough in conf sugar before I bake instead of after. Today I’m going to try and add raisins chopped up and see if this is as good..

