In denmark we also make this as a savory dish... made in a pan or oven, without the sugar and fruit ofc. but served with fried bacon and cut shives on top and ryebread to eat with it

Tried this recipe, it came out of the oven looking great but my family and friends did not like the salty taste, guess we are just used to having pancakes made with more of the sugar than salt.

Perfect with just powered sugar!

This worked out great but I added Nutmeg to give it a kick.  I could see doing other things with this to add flavor.  Great base dish.  Build on it.

I loved this recipe! It's great that it is high on protein and actually on the more healthy side. The only thing I'd change is the butter, it's way to buttery so I used 1/4  cup and that worked just as well. Definitely will use this recipe again.

Very good and easy to make oven pancake!!
My entire family loved it

Love this!   I used to go to a restaurant just for this.  I have tried several recipes since and this is the one!!!!!!!!!  I Like it with fresh fruit, try mixing blueberries, bananas, cinnamon and sugar for a topping, Yum!!!

This was a great and easy recipe.  I used 3 large eggs instead of the 4 called for and 2 large granny smith apples.  It was good warm from the oven, and good cold, if you you enjoy custard type deserts, this one is great.

So I was looking for this recipe that an old babysitter of mine used to make and this was it!!! It is soooo amazingly delicious.

Around here, we consider this as a traditional Finnish dish; some (my grampa) called it panukaaku (sp), but my mother-in-law (who was also Finn) called it krupsua.  Either way, it's a wonderful and quick dish that our family loves!  Highly recommend it.

Decrease the temperature!  This is a great recipe--when baked at 425.  At 500, this just browns or blackens before cooking in the middle.  I love these, but if I rated this recipe based on the product I got without decreasing the temperature, I would give it two stars.  If you plan to follow the recipe exactly, take my advice and start watching for burning long before you are supposed to take it out of the oven.

