My first try at aebleskivers and it was sooo easy!!! The taste was light AND flavorful. Fun to make.... I filled pan wells  1/2 full then added 1/2 tsp homemade jam & topped off with 1 tsp of mix. I am so excited I want to make them for dinner & breakfast. You could add little chuncks of link sausage or apples or .... whatever! Possibilites are endless. GREAT RECIPE!!!

I love aebleskivers, but the whole wheat flour in this recipe makes them super dense ( not a good thing). They were solid balls of dough, not the fluffy, donut-like consistency I associate with aebskivers. Using whole wheat flour sounds like a great idea because it will make it healthy, but I don't think it's worth it... These have lots of butter and sugar in them anyways, so they're not going to be a health food... Perhaps a Better, and much tastier option, is being sure to serve them with lots of fruit on the side. I don't recommend this recipe, at least not with whole wheat flour.

The batter was nice and thick. I used it for regular pancakes instead of Danish pancakes. Ended up doubling the recipe because my boyfriend loved them so much! Definitely saving to used again.
Side note. I used wheat flour. Not whole wheat or plain.

Maybe if I make them again they will be better. I didn't have milk so I used something else. They tasted like a biscuit to me. They were not bad.

These look lovely. They puff up nicely...because of the huge amount of baking powder. However, that it literally all you taste, the icky baking powder bitterness. I won't be using this recipe again.

I remember these from my childhood in Germany where they were eaten around New Years. 
I agree with one of the other people that the whole wheat flour in this recipe makes it to heavy. I used half white and half whole wheat and found they tasted close to what I remember! Mind you next time ( and there will definitely be a next time) I will make them with only the white flour as they are suppose to be a sweet treat!

In my experience aebleskivers taste almost like a crepe. These were dense and bready, more like spherical pancakes. Next time I'll add more egg and liquid to the batter. Might have to separate and beat the egg whites.

They taste really great with the spices in them and love that it has the whole wheat flour.  My whole family loves these with chocolate in them!

this was wonderful.  Our family adds fruit pie filling and whipped cream.

excellent and easy!

I thought this recipe was very good.  I used half whole wheat flour and half white flour and doubled the recipe.  I filled them with apricot jam and some with chocolate chips or nutella.  Sprinkled them with a small amount of powdered sugar.  All were very good.  I will save this recipe and make again.

