Served this as an appetizer last night for a dinner party and everyone raved about it!  Fabulous, and very easy.  I love any dish I can make ahead and just take out of the fridge to serve.  I used uncooked but peeled, deveined shrimp with tails on which made it even easier as I didn't have to peel the shrimp.  I cut the salt in half and will probably use even less next time I make this.  Also squeezed a bit of fresh lemon over the shrimp before serving.  Thanks for this recipe - I'll definitely make it often!

I made this dish (exactly as written) for New Years as a change of pace from the usual shrimp ring. My husband and daughters ate it all and my oldest said it is one of her favorite dishes that I've prepared, which is why I'm giving it 5 stars. Thanks for the great recipe!

Just made this for a family Christmas gathering and everyone LOVED it! I used Key West Pink fresh frozen shrimp that I thawed and deveined prior to cooking but left the shells on to better retain the flavor. Cooled then shelled and added to the marinade,to which I added more fresh dill than the recipe called for, probably about 1/2 cup minced and no, it wasn't too much. Very good, will be doing this many more times!

Great recipe! Have made it many times over the last couple of years.

Very nice but felt it needed more marinade especially dill.

This is a great way to serve shrimp.  Cooked exactly as stated but used dried dill instead of a fresh sprig.  I also don't think the sugar is necessary.  Yum!

Served this as an appetizer last night for a dinner party and everyone raved about it!  Fabulous, and very easy.  I love any dish I can make ahead and just take out of the fridge to serve.  I used uncooked but peeled, deveined shrimp with tails on which made it even easier as I didn't have to peel the shrimp.  I cut the salt in half and will probably use even less next time I make this.  Also squeezed a bit of fresh lemon over the shrimp before serving.  Thanks for this recipe - I'll definitely make it often!

