Wonderful! You can not leave out the cinnamon; it's the best part.
My husband came in and said "what is that incredible smell!?"

I didn't have tomato juice, used v8. 
I didn't have mushrooms,left 'em out.
 I didn't have swiss, used mozzerella.

They loved the cinnamon. Hubby and all three sons asked for thirds, but it was all gone. I'll double next time. Served it with brown rice, (sauce from Mansaka mixed well with the rice), and candied yams, and tea. Thanks!!! :o)

I am from Denmark and I love to cook.  This is not a Danish recipe, not traditionally and not in modern new cooking.  It may have been made by your grandmother, but you cannot call it Danish.  Danish food does not use those ingredients.
Mansaka tribe is a sub-group of Mandaya and they are chiefly found in Compostela Valley, the southeastern area of Mindanao (south of Philippines). Perhaps you should call it a traditional recipe from the Philippines.

Very good. Add some jalapeño with the onion if you like a little spice.

The premise is good, but the cinnamon just didn't work for us.

Everything was perfect!  Made as instructed - agree - no shortening needed and 1/2 tsp of cinnamon may have been too much.  Next time I'll cut back or not use at all.  In my pan - I don't think there was enough cheese- easy fix.  But good for a first timer :)

Meh.  The potatoes are too firm, though I sliced them thin.  The cinnamon is okay, but a suggestion would be to 1/2 it. The swiss cheese is great, I would use more, and precook the potatoes a little more.

The only change I made fresh mushrooms instead of canned. My hubby liked this more than I did. I think I would double the swiss cheese next time, because the bites that had more cheese in them tasted better.

I agree, not a traditional Danish recipe for sure. Besides that, it was ok. Probably won't make it again because of personal taste.

Made exactly as written, Delish!

I think this was fine. There was nothing wrong with it it was just fine. I didn't get the cinnamon thing at all. I didn't  have  mushrooms but added peas.

It was great!  Thank you for sharing with us!
I couod tell by the ingredients that it would be good, so I tripled the recipe.  My boys went back for seconds, and I have plenty to freeze for a quick meal later on.  I think this will be on my list for potluck events!

