My German mother makes this red cabbage.  It has a wonderful sweet/sour flavor.  She adds just a tiny dab of bacon drippings to it before serving and it is one of my absolute favorite side dishes!

Leave out the sugar and put red currant jelly instead and hardly any water, just simmer, very low heat with the lid on for an hour (at least). I tend to shred the cabbage fairly fine, if you want bigger chunks you probably have to cook it an hour and a half - two hours. 

We always cook this Christmas Eve morning (Christmas Eve is the main celebration in Europe) to get the fragrance necessary for the Yule spirit :)

Wow! Made this to go on fish tacos but can see it going on so many other things! I added a little more vinegar for and extra bite and less than half the sugar. So great! So easy to adapt to any meal!

Exactly what I was looking for. Didn’t change a thing. It was sweet and sour. Next time I may use less sugar, just a bit less. But it is really good.

I'm torn on how to rate this because I made a pretty big change. After looking over the ingredients and reading the reviews, I knew 2 cups of sugar would be way too much for us. Maybe traditionally it is indeed that sweet but I knew that was a no go for us. I decided to start with 1/2 cup and had intention of adding another 1/2 cup but it didn't even need that. I stopped at 1/2 and it was plenty sweet. It's a pretty dish and simple to make but 2 cups of sugar is way too much.

This was very simple, that is what I was looking for. I followed the recipe exactly. While it is very good it is lacking something. Next time I will cut the sugar down. It definitely needs mor of a twang.

I love it!  I have made this the last two years.  It is the closest recipe I could find to what my mother and grandmother always made.  I love being able to carry on this Danish tradition for our family.  Thanks for the great recipe!

Made with 1 1/2 c sugar.  Still sweet. I may cut it back a bit more but I still Loved this so much. Sweet and sour cabbage. Perfect with pork chops and mashed potatoes.

A very good recipe, easy to make and tastes great.  Everyone always enjoys!

Made it.  Didn't change anything.  Used it cold in a salad.  Yummy.

The amount of sugar and vinegar are way way off . maybe a quarter cup of each. Check other recipes for the same thing.  This recipe needs to be deleted before someone gets  poisoned.

