I'm only giving this recipe a 4 because it's missing some of the traditional ingredients. Firstly omit the cloves, we don't use those here in Denmark. Secondly you need to add "white pepper" which is why they are called "pepper nuts". This recipe should use about one quarter of a teaspoon. 

It also requires 2 teaspoons of baking soda which will make them rise a bit to get the perfect traditional pebernødder shape!

Also the correct way to write it without the special character is "Pebernoedder". MERRY CHRISTMAS! :)

These were pretty good.  I used a little less flour and made the cookies a little bit bigger than indicated in the recipe.  So, the result was not a hard cookie (when I read the first review I was worried - I didn't want to eat gravel!)  This is a nice small spice cookie which is not too sweet.

there's something missing in this recipe. I can't quite figure it out, but it isn't 100%

My great grandmother always made these for Christmas.  I never had her recipe.  I actually like these better than hers.  The flavor is more savory.  They aren't as hard.  However, my great grandmother's were always small, hard brown balls.  Mine spread a little in cooking and are many shades lighter.

Even better than my grandmother's recipe. Kathy

I have been looking for a peppernut recipe to match my family recipe from when I was a kid. These are perfect. I was able to make over 200 peppernuts. I followed the tips of mobygirl and omitted the cloves, and added the white pepper. Also added the 2 tsp of baking soda. I baked them on parchment paper. They will be a great addition to my Christmas gifts.

These cookies are very dry unless you cover them in confectioner's sugar and eat with coffee or tea.

i did what the other poster suggested--no cloves, added white pepper and baking soda, very nice.

This recipe is so much easier than the one I have been using for years! They come out just perfect - addictive crunchy cookies!

This recipe was bad. It did not resemble my grandmother's at all. It needs brown sugar or someting.

Thank you for this recipe!  Unfortunately, much of my Scandinavian heritage seems to have gotten lost in the old country, so this was  a tasty restoration! I used to live in OR, and though I never got to Scandinavian Fest, this brought back memories of Junction City/Eugene/Willamette Valley!  Takk!

