I've been baking bread for 40 years, and when I tried this yesterday, Hubby said it was the best bread I ever baked - and that's saying something if I do say so myself!  I made a few changes because of Hubby's diabetes - no white flour allowed.  Doubled the rye flour, and made up the rest with whole wheat and whole wheat "pastry" flour.  Had to add about 1 more cup of flour total, and substituted Splenda for the 1/3 C sugar. But it came out great and didn't taste like "health food" at all! The aroma while it was baking was HEAVENLY.

Pretty good, but awfully spicy as written.  Nice dessert-type bread.

Perfect first try delishous

I made this last week and had to use a different spice selection due to my love of  cardamom but not so much love for fennel and caraway seeds .... also I wanted to use up the rye flour I've had kicking around. I used 1 tsp ground ginger, 1 Tblsp rosemary,  and 1 Tblsp cardamom. And I didn't have an orange to zest so I used about  1/4 of orange juice. It was so good! Making it again ... today! Oh and I didn't use a bread machine!

I'm pretty new to bread making. This is the best bread I have ever made. I made the Breadtopia rye sourdough and, while it tasted okay, it was much more work and less flavorful. This has much more spice and a lighter but still substantial texture. The spice flavor is just wonderful.

I did not dissolve the yeast before putting it in my bread machine because it isn't advised for my model. I added the water used for the yeast to the milk mixture, and put the yeast in the regular way.

My bread machine did have a bit of a hard time mixing the dough, which I have never experienced before (which isn't that many times). I had to stop the kneading process and manually mix it a bit.

I have made this twice now, exactly as the recipe states, although I cannot get 5 cups of white flour in. I use about 4 cups max. This is a delicious bread. My original recipe I have used in the past is almost identical with the exception of some of the spices.

4 cups organic rye flour
3 cups GF Baking 1-1 Flour [Bob's]
Coconut Palm Sugar instead of Molasses and white sugar
Ground all spices
Added Old Fashioned bitters [1/2 tsp]
Clementine Peel in bite sizes, poked in so they don't burn
Brushed with Coconut Oil and Ghee

To die for.  Clementine Peel in bite sizes worked well inside.

This turned out great!  I made only 1 loaf (not 2) by halving all the ingredients.  I did not use a bread machine but just did the usual 2 kneadings and 2 risings.    It has a wonderful aroma and texture....served it with beef stew.

This bread is delicious

This recipe was outstanding.  I needed to make some modifications that I was skeptical about, so I could bake this in my bread machine as well.  I cut the recipe in half to make one loaf.  My bread machine calls for the dry yeast added last on top of the dry ingredients, rather than proofed.  To make that work, I made sure that the spiced liquid was "warm to the touch" instead of room temperature.  As one reviewer noted, their molasses was years past its date, but still worked.  Mine, too.  I also followed one reviewer's advice to double the caraway seed to replace the fennel seed, which I didn't have.  This is definitely going to become a holiday favorite.  Thank you for sharing this recipe.

I loved this--I loved the flavor, the consistency, everything.  Hubs was much less impressed with this recipe.  He's not the biggest fan of rye bread though so we'll forgive him.  Very distinct flavor in this bread from all the seeds, so if you aren't a fan of them, you may prefer a different bread, or you may prefer to leave out what you don't like.  This results in a lovely, somewhat dense and moist loaf.  Thanks for the recipe!

