This was REALLY raved over by the group(adults and kids) for which I made it. I have to say that I highly recommend the use of cream cheese frosting (1 1/2 blocks cream cheese, 10 tb. unsalted butter--both softened, and 24 oz. powdered sugar, splash of vanilla) AND plenty of chopped walnuts on the entire OUTSIDE of the 3-layer cake INSTEAD of in the batter! It looks and tastes amazing that way...judging by all the sneaky "nut snatchers" in the group =)   I followed the recipe...except I used 1/2 white and 1/2 brown sugar for a lighter color and texture, and I doubled the salt. All my ingredients were at room temperature, and I creamed the sugars and butter until very light and fluffy (4-5 min?). The batter was light and the cake was not too heavy either. All said, we highly recommend this cake =)

I read most of the reviews after I made this. This is a very dense heavy cake & is okay but if you are looking for a "light" cake with plenty of banana flavor this is not for you. Many others said the brown sugar  made it heavy and I REALLY packed the 2 cups of b.sugar very well. So, that probably detracted from the banana flavor.  I am sure if you follow other's advice to use 1/2 white and 1/2 brown- it would be better. Not worth the calories to me.

I really liked it! Made a lot of batter so I was careful as I baked such a big cake. Loved the icing too. Thanks!

I gave this cake 4 stars because it was easy to make and the flavor was good. the buttercream frosting was delicious. I didn't give 5 because the sponge itself was very closed textured and was thick and heavy. I prefer a lighter fluffier sponge.

Made half the  recipe and it was good and moist.  I did not like the frosting, Next time I will do it without it.

Excellent banana flavor and incredibly moist, especially the next day!  I made it in a 9 x 13" pan and just used a basic chocolate buttercream frosting.  Will definitely make again.

This turned out wonderful! Only changes I made was to add homemade banana chips & added a few tablespoons more sour cream to the frosting, also used 1/4 cup or so less of sugar.  YUM!

Made it, only thing I changed was added 1/2 cup mini choc chips and 1 tsp banana extract for extra punch on the banana flavor. Made in a bundt pan, Cake rose beautifully, deliciously moist. Try it, won’t disappoint!

I didn't make the frosting & the cake took about 15-20 min longer to bake than written in the recipe. However, every oven is different & this cake, once finished, was delicious. I ate it (almost) right out of the oven cuz it smelled so good, it was fluffy & moist, not too sweet, perfect banana flavour, & the best part, nice & warmmmm. I'm going to use this recipe again next time I have overripe bananas.

I did it all in food processor and it turned out awesome!

I give this 5 stars for the cake itself, 4 stars for the frosting. Just too sweet for me. I only used it on the inside layers and then did a cream cheese frosting for the  outside of the cake. Thanks!

