I submitted this recipe and it was changed a bit when published.  I just wanted to clarify that the aebleskiver pan is a cast iron pan with 7 rounded cavities about 2" wide and 1" deep.  You would preheat pan with melted oil before starting to cook the aebleskiver.  I don't know if there is an electric pan in existence or not, but my recipe is based on using a cast iron pan.  Enjoy!

This recipe is amazing & so easy to follow! Personally, I like to either half it or even just make a quarter of the recipe. It still makes a ton!

I made a smaller batch of this.  We didn't like the cardamom in our but will try the recipe again with cinnamon. Making theses is an art it takes practice.

TLDR: I added cinnamon and  brown sugar coated diced apples. I liked that this recipe  didn't require separating the eggs.

I wish I could speak to the authenticity of this recipe, but today was both the first time I've made an æbleskiver and the first time I've eaten one. They were like a mix of pancake and doughnut and pretty yummy! I thought the recipe was too many servings, so I halved it. it turned out fine but I later wished I'd made the full batch as it took two rounds just to get it to come out right. First round I didn't put enough butter, it really needs to be about a table spoon of melted butter. 2nd round I just had the pan a bit too hot, left them a bit too long. I set the timer for 1 min after I filled the last little mold, then flip from the first mold I filled, that worked. For the  batter I added equal parts cinnamon to cardamom, as another reviewer said, it was yummy. I increased sugar in the dough as well, but that didn't seem necessary. I put apples in the batter filled molds right before flipping. I coated the apples in brown sugar which made them super yummy. I used kabob squewers to flip. Sprinkled with powdered sugar and served with maple syrup and blackberry preserves. Honestly they were good alone, but I preferred the preserves. Now I want to go to Denmark and try some real ones to see how these stack up! It was a bit time consuming but now that I've got a method I don't think next time will be so hard and there *will* be a next time! Velbekomme!

Great recipe. I cooked them just under med. heat filling the pan half way, adding some home made lemon curd and then coming it the rest of the way. Next time I will add orange zest!

!

I am Danish and grew up eating these. They were a special meal (usually breakfast) that we had for special occasions, holidays & potlucks and Danish holidays/celebrations.    We would eat them warm straight straight out of the pan as my mother made them.
  
I am giving this recipe 5 stars;  however, I did make a couple modifications to it that I feel are important for this to be more authentic and taste better;  and I also feel that there are some tips and things that need to be said.  Especially if you have never made these before.

So here goes!

First off, this is a wonderful authentic recipe, but with minor changes as stated below. 

(1) use only 3/4 of a tbsp of cardamon if you have fresh cardamon.  If it is older cardamon, use 1 tbsp. 
If you use the 1 1/2 tbsp of cardamon it has a very very strong cardamon taste. 

(2) once the batter is made, add diced apples to it.
I core and chop up 1 whole granny smith apple and throw it in there. (I don't peel mine)
Any sweet tasting apple will work. 

I am Danish and we grew up making these in our home. I use CAST IRON aebelskiver pan which you can get from any of the scandinavian store

Tried the recipe and was able to turn them using two bamboo skewers to flip them.  They needed to be eaten warm to remain puffed and deflated in sad wrinkled blobs when at room temperature.  I don't think this is how they are supposed to be.  Filled them with orange marmalade and lime curd and a little more batter to make complete doughnut.  Are the photos of them right off the pan or ???

We asked the server at a restaurant in Solvang what that delicious rasberry sauce they topped their Aebleskivers before dusting with powdered sugar. She revealed that they use a seedless rasberry jam and diluted it with orange juice. Very good !

I am also from a Danish line and we make this every New Years eve...the trick is to have it all done bt midnight for good luck...oh and thanks for adding the cardomom, most recipes don't include it but it's a must :)

I really wanted to try these but I didn't have the special pan.  I went ahead and used my cast iron skillet instead.  I used a thin layer of peanut oil instead of shortening.  The batter was thick enough that it made little pancake shapes but thicker.  I fried 4 spoonfuls at a time and flipped them after a few minutes.  They turned out tasty.  They have a nice crunchy layer on the outside and a soft breadlike middle.  Because I like a sweeter "pastry" I added a bit more sugar and I also added cinnamon.  The cinnamon and cardamom play well together.  My son liked them plain.  My daughter liked them with the cinnamon/powdered dusting sugar.  I liked them with my organic raspberry pomegranate jelly.  My husband thought they would taste better in Denmark but he still enjoyed them.  ha ha

Overall these were pretty good and they worked just fine without the special pan.  They would probably be better with the special pan since it would crisp all edges as well but it was manageable and tasty anyway.

