This is one of the cookies my Scandinavian grandfather used to make every Christmas that made memories in my family. Grandpa passed away 4 years ago, and was too frail to make them for at least a few years before that. So, it's been a long time since I have eaten one. I knew the ingredients, but didn't know the ratios. Thank you so much for posting this. I did double the cardamom and cinnamon, and added a dash of ginger and cloves. I am giving this recipe a 4 because it's missing two vital ingredients to traditional Danish Pebber Nodder, which I just played with until I felt the taste was just right. It was roughly 1/2 tsp of mace, and 1/4 tsp of white pepper. I made these for my annual cookie exchange. They were so good to snack on and they made perfect neighbor gifts put into small mason jars with pretty ribbon and a homemade tag. Thank you for giving me back an old family tradition, and giving me a fond way of remembering my grandfather.

As a true dane I must say that this recipe is incomplete. As the name Peber Nodder indicates the recipe calls for Pepper! To get the real flavor of this traditional cookie you must add white pepper and ginger. As a child I made these every year with my mom and we never went through the trouble of rolling, we simply plugged little pieces of the dough and rolled them into balls in our hands. Much more fun and the whole family can participate.

Love love these…They are the perfect cookie! If you want a cookies not to sweet but satisfying you’ve found it.  I have made as written as well as adding 1 t of white pepper as another viewer suggested- I enjoy with the pepper, it adds a certain something to the cookie.

My cookies flattened out to puffy disks instead of little pillows.  I was careful about measurement and used Gold Medal all-purpose flour.  There wasn't enough "punch" either in the texture or the flavor.  I did add a pinch of ginger, 1/2 tsp of mace, as well as the spices in the the recipe.  So if I were to do it again, I would add some flour as well as more generous measurements of all the spices.

I used to make these years ago and forgot the recipe. So glad to find them again. Perfect Christmas cookies that aren't too sweet.

Made these into small bite size cookies. After they were cooled a bit I dusted them with icing sugar. They are very tasty and not too sweet. I’ll be making more. A great gift to give to your friends.

I have never had these cookies before so I don’t know what they are supposed to be like.  I used my smallest cookie scoop because the dough was not rollable, and I didn’t have time to refrigerate the dough.  I doubled the spices (per recommendations and just because I pretty much always increase spices when baking) and feel like they still could use more.  The raw dough was fabulous, but the baked cookies just lacked flavor.  BUT I am not a shortbread fan so maybe that’s my real issue.  I think my grandmother would have adored these dipped in her coffee.  I made a cinnamon vanilla glaze for my pumpkin bread this morning so I dipped the tops of my cookies in my leftover glaze and my family likes them better now.

Made these for Christmas and they were a big hit. I made the recipe exactly as written and they turned out great! Definitely would make again.

Came out very nice. I doubled the cardamon and cinnamon - could have used even a little more.

I can tell just from the picture that these are not like the traditional pebbernodder that my family makes. My family's pebbernodder are much darker and include molasses to make them much spicier.

I love these adorable little cookies! I took the advice of some reviews and added white Perrier, mace and ginger and they turned out great! Being part Danish I'm interested in the food and this is a great start.

