Delicious and very easy to make. I have made these for my family and co-workers on several occasions, and they've always been a hit. The entire amount of dough pressed nicely into an 11" x 17" cookie sheet, with about 2 in. of unused space at one end of the pan. I've found that cutting them into 24 pieces is a good serving size. Increasing the amount of cinnamon to 1 tsp was not overpowering.

they're nice but i'm glad i added vanilla to the dough and sprinkled it generously with brown sugar and cinnamon prior to baking because i think it would have been bland.

These are just like my mom and Gram used to make, I add 2 tsp of cinnamon cause my mom was always heavy handed with the cinnamon. If you don’t have a smaller pan double the recipe and put into a full size cookie sheet.  Will come out more like a cookie bar.

Great alternative to typical holiday cookies and easy to make. Agree a double batch would be easier to fill a standard size cookie sheet rather than 1/2 sheet. Next time may add some cinnamon or brown sugar but original recipe is great.

Super easy and tasty! My family prefers pecans so I use those in place of the walnuts otherwise perfect as is.

I made cookies for Dutch guests and they liked them - we liked them too!

These are a family Christmas tradition - not too rich and just right with a cup of tea!

4 stars only because I have not used this specific recipe on here. This sounds just like the traditional recipe I have made.  To the person who said they added stuff because they thought it would be bland... These are in no way a bland cookie when made following the recipe. They are a nice buttery, nutty cookie with just the right amount of cinnamon!

My husband is Dutch, his mother would buy Jan Hagels every Christmas at the Dutch store. I have only had them made with sliced almonds which is what I used, I added 1 tsp of vanilla but afterwards I thought I should have used almond extract instead and 1/4 tsp salt as my butter was unsalted. I also sprinkled the top with coarse sugar, I had red & green for Christmas. The baking time is off for me, after 30 minutes the bars were too soft, I removed from the oven at 40 minutes but the middle was still on the soft side, next time maybe 350 for 30 minutes instead.
#AllrecipesAllstarsCanada
#BackToYourRoots

This has been my favorite for a long time.  I use pecans as the nut of choice.  I needed to print the recipe for a friend and your site is easy to use.

These are a Christmas cookie favorite from my childhood.  I used my mom's recipe today for the first time in many years.  They got too brown around the edges and broke up when I tried to cut them so I thought I would see if the recipe was reviewed on All Recipes.  This is the exact same recipe except my mom's says to bake for 20-25 minutes at 350.  Given that mine were too done at 20 minutes I think I will try the lower temperature recommended here.  Oh, and cut them immediately when they come out of the oven-which I forgot to do-which is why they broke when I tried to cut them once cool.  These cookies are delicious in a simple and uncomplicated way.  For all of you who added things like vanilla and extra sugar to the topping, please try these just as written.  You will be surprised at how flavorful they are!

