I brought this to a family dinner.  It was delicious.  However, my DH was expecting something gooey.  This is what he remembered butter cake as from his childhood.  This cake is not gooey.  It is rich, flaky & buttery.  Delicious.

I've made this twice now, once back in February and then again today.  It is an alright accompaniment to a cup of tea but not something I would make for company or serve on its own.

Super easy recipe and nice to have with coffee for breakfast. Turned out soft and moist but I'm not sure if it shd be more crumbly? Like maybe it needed more cooking time? I hate drying out baked goods tho by leaving in the oven too long.

Used almond flour instead of all-purpose flour and brown sugar instead of white sugar. Best decision I ever made - the almond flour makes for a much chewier cake and it is all around a delicious recipe.

I made this today after "saving" the recipe for three years.  Decadent!  I like almond but think perhaps it is slightly strong so next time I will use  just one teaspoonful.  The key words there are "next time."  And I do believe this would be just as good with vanilla.  Easy to make and bake.  Easy clean up.  Easy to eat and I think that will go well with my coffee tomorrow.  I gave it five stars because I had a hard time not eating more.

This is a really aeasy dish to make, and uses ingredients most of us have on hand. I tried the recipe as written, except for using Olivio, which I pretty much always cook and bake with, and it was very good. I feel so-so about almonds, and the almond flavor was strong, so when I made it a second time I substituted lemon extract, using 1 1/4 tsp. I also added just a pinch of salt. I really loved the finished product. It tasted like a lemon sugar cookie. And the reviewers who said it was even better the second day were right. We had some for breakfast the next day with coffee, and it tasted like something from a great bakery.

This was a wonderful and easy recipe!  I used a little less almond extract but other than that, followed the recipe and it was rich and was delicious!   And now gone.  YUM.

Allison is not kidding when she says how this compliments tea or coffee! I served it at a tea party I had and it was PERFECT. Great flavor! Thank you:-)

I was born and raised in the Netherlands and have lived abroad the last couple years. I often make this for friends and it is always a hit. Buttery, flakey and with a delicious almond flavour. I usually double the recipe and make it in a 10inch springform, bake for about 45 min or so until done. I find the thicker boterkoek, the better it tastes. As per Julia Child, one can never use too much butter!

So tasty and easy to whip up! ActuallyThis is exactly the same boterkoek recipe I inherited from my mom,  EXCEPT to give it a nice top "coating", you are supposed to reserve a small amount of the beaten egg to lightly brush on top of the boterkoek before putting it in the oven. If you like, you can also add slivered almonds sprinkled on top.

Wow!!  This was GREAT!  I have never had this kind of cake before but chose it because my husband and I love almond flavoring.  I didn't change a thing.  I only cooked it for the least amount of time suggested, 30 min., due to all the reviews saying it dries out and it was perfect.  If you don't like almond flavoring then I would imagine it would taste just as good with whatever extract you like.  It is just as it is described, a cross between a cookie and a cake.

