This is my 80 year old Mom's favourite cookie and I decided on a whim to make them yesterday.  I didn't have almonds or candied citron but it wasn't needed.  I rolled them out - use plenty of flour.  The flavour was amazing.  I can't wait until my Mom tries them on Christmas day.

Thank you for this recipe. I tried it when a Belgian friend of mine was coming to visit me. I have also been to Belgium and tasted the original Speculaas made by a famous cafeteria in Bryssels.  So, I baked the dough in two parts. In the first part I liked the texture of the cookies baked according to this recipe. But I thought there was way too much lemon peel. One tablespoon is more than enough! In my opinion there was also too less spices! So I added 1 tsp more of each. Finally I decided to add some white sugar in addition to the brown sugar to make it more tastefull. So I liked better the second, adapted part of the cookie dough.

we left out the citron and almonds. A friend made them for us this way 4 years ago and we have craved them every year since.  Hers are also the first to sell out at  the town cookie bake sale.
We live far away now so I am making them myself this year.

The cookies came out nicely, I used a wooden cookie mold.  I might try adding more spice next time.  Thank you for sharing this recipe!

If you don't have a speculaas mold lying around, just make little balls of the speculaas dough (called "kruidnootjes'), spread them on a baking sheet and press them down a bit, or roll out the dough and use cookie cutters, decorate with almonds.  Bake like the speculaasjes.

Thank you for this recipe. I tried it when a Belgian friend of mine was coming to visit me. I have also been to Belgium and tasted the original Speculaas made by a famous cafeteria in Bryssels.  So, I baked the dough in two parts. In the first part I liked the texture of the cookies baked according to this recipe. But I thought there was way too much lemon peel. One tablespoon is more than enough! In my opinion there was also too less spices! So I added 1 tsp more of each. Finally I decided to add some white sugar in addition to the brown sugar to make it more tastefull. So I liked better the second, adapted part of the cookie dough.

Decent for a spice cookie, but not as good as the Windmill cookies you can buy at the store (this is rare for a storebought cookie to be better than a homemade one).  Nix the citron, it is unnecessary to the flavor, hard to find, and makes the cookies more fragile due to the chunks in an already crumbly dough.  I diced the almonds as small as I could by hand, will probably blend them next time instead, as I prefer these cookies to be smooth. I don't have a mold, so I rolled these very very thin, 1/4 inch or thinner, and used a cookie cutter. A star cutter didn't work, as the points kept falling off. A bell worked well, as did a standard circle. I baked them two minutes longer than suggested, to get an extra crunchy finish. They are lightly sweet and good with hot herbal tea.

Here a dutchie who knows how good they are ;) Haven't tried your recipe but if you're ever in Holland you can buy the spices called 'Speculaaskruiden'. They are very good if you dip them in your tea. And by the way, the spelling is "Sinterklaas"! :)

My mom loved them and ate them very quickly. I, not being a huge spice cookie fan, wasn't thrilled. Easy to make though.

This is my 80 year old Mom's favourite cookie and I decided on a whim to make them yesterday.  I didn't have almonds or candied citron but it wasn't needed.  I rolled them out - use plenty of flour.  The flavour was amazing.  I can't wait until my Mom tries them on Christmas day.

