I grew up in a traditional Dutch family and is one of the most well known traditional Dutch Recipe. It is Boterkoek, not Botercake. Also, I think it is a typo that you bake in in a LOAF pan. You don't - I've never in my life seen it baked in a loaf pan. You bake it in one 10 inch round cake pan. Always.

Not at all like the boterkoek I grew up eating.  I wanted to surprise my Mom with this on her 82nd birthday, but it was just ordinary cake.

If you love butter the way I do, you'll love this cake. Yum!

Yummy, I'm a sucker for butter cake. I had some trouble with the conversions,  too much lemon taste. 
That being said, I still really enjoyed the cake. I baked it in a Combi oven (micro/over with fan) with a choice of 160 or 180 degrees. I went for 160 and it came out really nice after 65 minutes. Moist, tasty, nice little crust. Leaving it in for longer would've made it too dry I think.
I'm Flemish (mom's family is Dutch) and I grew up with drinking coffee and having a slice of botercake but like i said, usually not this lemony.

Great. I made it like this: 3 eggs, 100-200g sugar, add vanilla sugar, beat them well together. Add 200g melted butter. Add the flour and baking powder and lemon (orange) peels. Bake time: +/- 35 min.

I would recommend making it with a fluted edge tart pan with a loose bottom.  This give a very nice appreance to the back of pie shaped boterkoek when cut.  I also grew up with Boterkoek as one of my
favorites for Birthdays...  Enjoy!

Even if the Dutch lost the world cup, I sure looked good baking this cake.  I added a bit more lemon zest and just used regular vanilla vs vanilla sugar.  My oven is new to me (just moved) so the baking time/temp was off, but I know that was just technical, people loved this cake.  And called it pie

I made this once with the exact ingredients called for, and once altering the them per a reviewer -- both came out great but different in texture and height (I used extra large eggs in both recipes and a 9" cakepan).  The first time I baked it for 40 minutes with the exact ingredients called for. It came out cakelike in a fluffy texture, buttery, and lemony. After the first 20 minutes baking, I put 12 whole almonds all around the edge with the point toward the middle, which gave it a  pretty decoration when I sliced it up.  The second time I made it, I used the ingredients from a reviewer -- with 1 1/8 cups each of flour, sugar, and butter.  This one turned out very moist, much more dense and about 1.5" high.  I believe to get more of a cookie consistency you'd definitely have to use a 10" cake pan.  I didn't have any vanilla sugar, so I mixed 1/4 tsp liquid vanilla with 1/2 cup granulated sugar and will use the leftovers for another recipe.  Both ways preparing this were really good. Thanks :)

I don't know what I did wrong.  The cake looks great and tastes fine but it is very dry.  The only way we could eat it is with some strawberries and milk poured over it.

Lots of confusion... let me (a Dutch person) explain...

First of all: I have no idea what this recipe produces, but the picture looks like "boterkoek". 

In The Netherlands, we have both "boterkoek" and "botercake".

Botercake = pound cake. (A dense, rectangular yellow pound cake, made with butter)

Boterkoek = A kind of thick buttery cookie, always round in shape. Very dense. Softer than dutch cookies, little firmer than American cookies usually are.

The word 'koek' can mean 'cake' in Dutch (old fashioned), but nowadays almost always means 'cookie'. The word 'cake' is most commonly used in Dutch for pound cakes (the rectangular kind). Large round, frosted cakes like in America are often called "taart" in Dutch, which means "pie". (So used for both round cakes and pies)

This was SOOO yummy. The lemon is very subtle and, reading the other reviews, this, IS a cake. I used the measurements given by Hanneke in her comment, since they were changed by the website. I think she put them in metric. Her original recipe apparently required 250 grams each of butter, sugar and flour. If you calculate, this is 1.1 cups of each. I just used 1 1/8 cup each of butter, sugar and flour and it came out moist and tasty. 2 cups of flour would probably make it pretty dry! Thanks for the recipe Hanneke!

