I have made these twice and this is a delicious cookie.  They are unique in both flavor and in appearance.  I ended up storing them in a pretty bowl wrapped in saran just so we could look at them.  As can be read in the directions, these cookies take a long time to make.  But it's worth it.   Also, when using the decorators bag to squeeze the almond meringue onto cookie sheets, don't use a tip, just the coupler alone inside the bag to get a good size ladyfinger.  The ladyfingers swell when cooking.  Double the buttercream in order to have enough to use up all of the ladyfingers when assembling.  I used the decorators bag with a large star tip which made assembly pretty quick.    I also needed to more than double the chocolate in order to coat both tips of the entire batch...depending on how thick the chocolate coating is.  The bottom line is, the effort is worth it.  This yields a terrific cookie and I will make again.

I did not care for this.

Made this several times. The last one I did not sandwich it, just garnished the fingers with sliced almond then dip them in melted chocolate. Never fail to impress everybody.

I was wondering if you could do it with out the almond meal

Made it, but used marzipan between the strips of meringue—had meringue over from making a stollen. Worked alright. The biscuits are uneven in size and shape—it was a quick lesson in piping. 

Still had marzipan left—rolled that into about 15mm diameter rolls, covered them with what was left of the melted chocolate. Not pretty like storebought but taste OK!

I have chickens, love custard/creme anglais, creme brulee so need plenty recipes to use up the eggwhites. This one is fine, bit of work but hey, I am retired, got the time in spades!

I have made these twice and this is a delicious cookie.  They are unique in both flavor and in appearance.  I ended up storing them in a pretty bowl wrapped in saran just so we could look at them.  As can be read in the directions, these cookies take a long time to make.  But it's worth it.   Also, when using the decorators bag to squeeze the almond meringue onto cookie sheets, don't use a tip, just the coupler alone inside the bag to get a good size ladyfinger.  The ladyfingers swell when cooking.  Double the buttercream in order to have enough to use up all of the ladyfingers when assembling.  I used the decorators bag with a large star tip which made assembly pretty quick.    I also needed to more than double the chocolate in order to coat both tips of the entire batch...depending on how thick the chocolate coating is.  The bottom line is, the effort is worth it.  This yields a terrific cookie and I will make again.

Great recipe - easy to follow instructions.

I did not care for this.

