These are really yummy. a good tip is to set the mixture in the fridge, let it firm up a bit and it makes it easier to work with. let them cool down, they are hot!! i dipped mine in spicy mustard, yuuuummy!

If you want to make a great kroket here's how you do it. 

Take a roast (beef in my mind is best) cook it in the crockpot for the day (this is why people don't make krokets often its an all day affair) shred the beef, make a roux, throw in some ketjap manis, mustard (i prefer spicy), roll those bad boys into balls (biterballen) or oblong (kroket). To bread them this is a three step process flour, egg, then bread crumbs. Deep fry. A sign of a good kroket is the breading is separated from the filling after its cooked. There is no true recipe for krokets taste your way through. If you don't like the way it tastes change it.

As a person who has eaten my share of croquetten, while these were ok, they were lacking something. My biggest issue was forming them once they were cooled, and while refrigerating helped, they still had a tendency to fall apart so I ended up with some far bigger than I would like. I will try the recipe again another time and see if they turn out better with some tweaks.

I have made these with turkey and with beef as well, they all taste awesome

We totally changed it up to our needs. 

But thank you for getting my Dutch Boyfriend and me off our butts to finally make this Dutch Snack.

I came across this recipe while wondering what to do with our Ground Veal that we had on hand.

We made Dutch Bitter Balls from it.  Same thing, but more traditionalin Holland vending machines.

We also tried it on our AIR FRYER.390 deg. 9 minutes on each side.NICE!

We found this to be a great starter base - 
but would like to try the cheap roast that
 several have mentioned. Thank you again for giving us a starter recipe and inspriration.

Being an American with Dutch heritage, I'm drawn to learning recipes of the old country. I've been fortunate to become friends with a wonderful lady who has shared her kitchen with me to experience kroketten assembly. It's quite the process, but so delicious! Just like other regions of the world and their many ingredients to their recipes, there's no one size fits all. Thanks for sharing this recipe, it's a great American English written recipe, which is a great way to start. Danku!

These are delicious! They take a little work but I always get excited when I make them because they are so good!

I just recently got back from a trip to the Netherlands and still had the taste fresh to my mind. Although they barely taste like the actually croquettes l, they are still wonderful and my family liked them. Just not exactly the same on taste!

Just like my Granny's .I loved them.

Love this recipe!  Very similar to those made by my Indonensian's friend's grandmother.  Thanks very much for sharing.  :)

These are very good, and close to what you can find in Holland (with the exception of cheese). I must agree with other reviewers that stewed/slow-cooked shredded meat is better, more flavorful, and definitely more traditional. The cooking spice, gehaktkruiden, does help with a more authentic flavor, but if you don't have that, you can use curry powder (which is listed here as optional, but definitely worth it), being careful not to add too much. It should be a "behind the scenes" type flavor. I'm not sure why cheese is added in a traditional Dutch Kroketten, but to each his own. These also freeze well, so you can make more for later. :) Thanks, Celly!

