I am Dutch and have been making banket since I can remember with my mom.  Here are a couple of tips that we use to make this:  Make smaller loaves.  The big ones tend to burst easier.  Simply cut the large square you roll out into quarters.  Very simple.  We also use water to seal the seam.  Makes it stick better.  Best thing we discovered with banket is to line the baking sheet with parchment paper to keep the loaves from sticking and help them brown more evenly.  Finally, you can brush the banket with milk instead of egg white.  Hope this is helpful.  I love this pastry and am going to be making a huge batch of it soon!  Oh, and I totally agree with the person who recommended putting the dough and filling into the fridge overnight!  I don't know how you'd roll it out if you didn't.  Also keep the dough you aren't working with in the fridge until you are ready to use it.

The problem is, recipes are passed on. It may happen that the successor baker interprets the recipe differently.Pastry is made of puff pastry filled with almond paste. Covered with egg yolk so that the color turns a nice dark brown.tradition in the Netherlands was to give a banquet letter with Sinterklaas, with the initial letter of the recipient's name. This has been changed to simply the letter S, because this letter bakes best. The temperature comes evenly everywhere.You will experience that you get a completely different product in this way.

I love this recipe, but when in a hurry I used the Wewalka Puff Pastry dough available at Walmart and HyVee.  It is so flaky.  So much better than Pepperidge Farm.

Delicious, but the recipe was pretty unclear even as an experienced baker - this was my first time making banket and it would have been nice to know how wide my strips should have been. I made them about four inches wide but there was way too much filling and they were nearly impossible to seal, and one of them I couldn't seal at all because it was the edge of my circle/rectangle that I had rolled the dough into. Tasted great, but not very pretty. If I make this again I would make a little less filling or more pastry.

Great recipe close to the one I had from home as a little kid. My dough was still a bit thick but tasted amazing.

Delicious!!

Okay, this is the first time I made anything like this.  I used to watch my Michigan Grandma make Banket.  Heres the thing, though, there seems to be some ingredients not in the dough.  My dough would not hold together to roll out.  I tried adding a smidgen of milk and that helped a little.  Also with the dough, it tasted powdery on the finished Banket.  It wasn't flakey either.  I don't understand what went wrong.  I can't ask my Grandma, since she is long passed.  The finished Banket doesn't look anything like what I remember.  This is so disappointing.  Also, I didn't understand why the recipe called for more stuff to be added to the chilled paste.  That didn't make any sense to me and in fact caused the filling to ooze out during the baking.  I'm super disappointed.  I wish someone could explain to me about what went wrong all through the recipe.

This is much better than the recipe passed down through my husband's family. I've used almond cake and pastry filling (mistake) and it's still good! It's sweeter, the texture is smoother, and the crust is flakier (due to the added moisture). But, it doesn't fill the inner role as well...you get a layer of air.

Great!  Exactly like the banket recipe found on the beanilla website.  Thanks for re-posting here!! Love it!

I REALLY loved this recipe! Not the easiest to make, but I took the advice of the others who submitted their "tips", and it helped tremendously. My question is in the ingredients:  it calls for 3/4 cup white sugar, and then tells you to "use the remaining sugar".  WHAT remaining sugar if you are using ALL of what was called for?  Thanks for the great recipes.

