My first batch of these cookies did not turn out too well. They were one large, thin sloppy unit. I do not blame the recipe, I understand that when trying a new recipe many varibles can effect the outcome. 

I think I added too much baking soda. I did not have a 1/8tsp measuring device, so I guessed--obviously wrong. The cookies rose and spred out, did not brown and tasted like gooey butter. 

I decided to modify the rest of the batch. I added 1/2 cup more flour and mixed it in until the dough was smooth, slightly stiff, but creamy. I rolled less than a teaspoon full of the dough between my palms to form small balls, placed the balls about two inches apart on an ungreased cookie sheet, pressed a wet fork into the cookies twice--once horizantally and once vertically, and baked the cookies for 11 minutes. They came out beautiful and tasted great. Each cookie was uniform in shape and golden brown on the edges. 

My second batch- I increased the flour and slightly decreased the sugar, used a very small pinch of baking soda, and baked again as described above.

They will be a part of my families holiday feast. My ten year old son loves them, and he's quite the cookie critic.

Thanks for sharing this recipe!

My family is from Holland and I've had butter cookies all my life.  I just didn't care for the cookies at all.  They were hard to get off the cookie tin and they were too buttery in my book.  I also thought they were a little too flat.  My son, who is 3, loves cookies, but would not eat these.

I have made this recipe twice.  One time with generic butter and one time with a high quality salted  butter.  It does make a difference.  Use high quality butter!!  Followed the recipe to the letter with no problems.

It was good, but I'll keep searching for a better butter cookie recipe. I did have to cook the first batch longer than suggested and they were flat. The second batch I put in the fridge for about 10 mins before baking to see if that would help hold shape (and not flatten out), but that didn't work.  I didn't even think my butter was to warm or soft with the first batch.... IDK.  I'm convinced its the recipe, especially based on how many people said they were flat. They did melt in your mouth though.

Had my doubts about this one and I was right 1/8 tsp. baking soda and no eggs ? flat globs of butter dough! I added 1 full tsp. of baking soda and will chill dough and see if I can save this mess!

The best cookies!! I added chocolate to it and they came out superb. My daughter can't stop eating!! Absolutely in love with the recipe! Thankyou!!!

My Dutch grandmother always put nutmeg in her sugar cookies and sprinkled sugar on top before baking. Nutmeg flavor gives it the taste.

Love this recipe! Once I put them on the cookie sheet, I dipped the bottom of a glass in sugar and then lightly pressed the cookies with the bottom of the glass. This gave the cookies a light sugar coating and was the perfect accent!

Easy. Very rich. I added cinnamon the second time I made them.

These were really good and super easy!

I read all the comments first, and added 1/2cup more flower, actually, just added flour until the dough was smooth, and on the thicker side since reports were the cookies spread too much.

I'm not impressed. I think I will try adding vanilla, or go to a recipe with more ingredients.

