I tried these in Denmark and loved them so I was delighted to come upon this recipe. These were very good, easy to make. I did not cut the cookies in half to put the filling in- I used two and made it a sandwich cookie with the filling. They taste just like the ones I brought home (I saved a few to compare). I added cinnamon to the dough and only made 2/3 of the filling. I also substituted one cup of whole wheat flour to make the dough a little darker and heartier. Excellent!

So delicious!  I used this recipe as is for the cookie part, and used Chef John's recipe for salted caramel sauce for the caramel filling.  I added freshly grated cinnamon instead of salt to the caramel sauce.  Great recipe, thank you!

Recently visited Amsterdam and had to figure out how to make these at home. This was the third recipe I tried and it’s spot on. Cutting with a large biscuit cutter is a must to achieve splitting. Good hot and after cooling down. I’ll definitely use this recipe again and again.

Taste exactly like what you would buy in the Netherlands! I used a normal waffle pan and divided it into segment, I ended up with triangular shaped stroopwafels and they were thicker than the traditional waffles, but tasted amazing!!

So yummy! Made them for my neighbors and everyone raved.

While I tried using my bacon press and it didn’t  work, I made them like pancakes. I rolled them out like little pie crusts. They were very tasty. I used the Caramel to  just poured over top.

Made these cookies today. Easy to make used my stand mixer. Used a Pizelle maker to bake cookies. When they were just out of the maker I split them with a filet knife. Be careful as they still will be quite hot to touch. Insert blade in cookie and give it a turn as your cutting them in half. Cooled down cookie on a wire rack while making filling and let that cool prior to adding to cookie. We are celebrating the Netherlands this Thursday.  My daughter in law home schools 2 out of their 4 children and every week we go to another country and cook a complete meal for lunch. Tasted a broken one, wonderful!!

I made these tonight for my son's school project. He had to bring a dutch dish to school. I didn't have a Prizelle or a Waffle Cone Iron, I only have a regular waffle iron. I went on a search in town for the other types but had no luck so I figured I'd just give it a go regardless. They are delicious. I had to cut the waffle in half with a knife as they aren't as thin as they would be with the proper iron but the general idea of them is the same and I imagine the taste is the same as well. Anyone wondering if you HAVE to have the proper iron.. no.. but I'm sure they would be even better if done properly.

I want to ask if anyone has ever tried making the cookie in just a fry pan?  I do not have a Pizelle or a waffle cone maker either and NO money to buy one.  I have been wanting MORE of these cookies for years.  A chat friend brought me a package of them when he came to visit me.  Well, when I took my first bite (not expecting much) I was so in love with them I did not stop eating till they were gone.  Then I thought I would cry.

Thank you so much for this recipe.  My Dutch friends sent me a recipe, but to translate it into US measurements was not really clear (treacle) and such.

this was exactly the recipe I needed.  Really good!

