I think that these turned out great!  I didn't modify the ingredients at all, but I did modify the process of making them.  I flattened them with my hand and then used a round cookie cutter to shape each cookie.  During the last 5 minutes of baking I carefully placed the chocolate chips on the cookies to ensure that they were melted so they would spread evenly.  Doing it this way takes a little more time but I think the end result is worth it (as you can tell by the photo).  I am going to try these in heart shapes and maybe use mint or orange extract instead of vanilla for Valentines day for my son's 2nd grade class.

I am wondering if there is a "liquid" ingredient missing.  The dough was much too dry?  I tried adding two eggs and the cookies came out all right, but only took about 7 minutes to cook.

Thanks!

It’s simplicity and texture along with taste … worked out pretty well and I enjoyed them very much .. kids where lucky to get share 😉😂I only baked mine for 13 minutes and let the tray finish them of .. perfect 😍

So, I did not change the recipe.  I did what others said it is best to mold the cookie in palm of the hand; used yellow chocolate disc.  Dutch cookie taste great.

These cookies are AMAZING!!!!! They are very buttery and have an amazing texture. I used Hershey's chocolate chips for the top....(I think that it is better if you use Hershey's because the chocolate will taste more real). I would DEFINITELY make these again!!!

These are my favorite cookies.............   love them!!!!

Lived these. I can't bake. (No REALLY I can't). These were so easy and very tasty.

I was looking for an easy to make type of cookie and tried this recipe. My family loved them so I'll be making these again.  I added slightly more butter to the recipe that makes dozen cookies because it wouldn't come together. I figured it most likely the calculator cut to much out.

I liked it the taste of the cookie. It is very sweet with the chocolate chips on top.  I would like to mention that my dough was very crumbly. I'm assuming this was the way it was suppose to be since they baked quite nicely. I would be willing to make them again. I always use raw sugar opposed to 'white" sugar so this was no exception. Though I think I would try the white sugar with this instead. The raw sugar leaves a very chewy texture almost like an oatmeal cookie. It was good but I was more in a shortbread type of cookie. I would also use either a milk chocolate chip or at less chips. My cookies were big so I used about 10 chips per cookie and after smoothing them out the chocolate was in the center. Not sure how you get that smooth look with the chocolate but mine were not pretty! lol

My 8 year old daughter picked out this recipe and made it with very little help from me and they were a huge hit! We used milk chocolate chips instead of semi sweet, this did make them a little on the sweet side, but still very good!!

I didn't like these at first, but my kids ate them right up. They taste better after they cool down.

