This recipe created so much batter that I baked one small cake (in one of those gigantic muffin-shaped cake pans) and a dozen muffin-sized cakes. I didn't have any oranges to zest, so I used lemons instead.   I first checked for doneness at 35 minutes and found that the muffin-sized cakes were overcooked and dried out, and my larger cake was right on.  The cake didn't taste like any mamon I've had before, but that's likely because I used lemon instead of orange peels. I thought the muffin-sized cakes were dry and probably won't make that size again. Having said that, the resulting lemon cake from the larger pan was absolutely delicious and won rave reviews from friends even three days after baking. It stayed moist and flavorful (those bits of fresh peel burst into every bite.   I frosted the cake with an airy, light buttercream, and the results were fantastic. I'm not a huge lemon cake fan, but I will make this again and again. And I'll be trying it with orange peel in the very near future.

This is Not a sponge cake. It was Very Heavy and tasted eggy but moist. I was in need of a sponge cake and in the middle of making this I soon realized that it would not turn out to be a real sponge cake. I continued the process and hoped for the best. Did not tast horrible but was not the a light airy cake I was looking for.

I made mango mamon with this recipe and i also made it sugarfree and it turned out well. I was expecting a better outcome but i guess with the sugar adjustment and mango flavour and mango pulp, it made the cake a bit dense. But overall result it was very good. Thank you for this recipe lola. cheers

It was really good! The only thing I'd say is that I found that 40 minutes was too long. I'd try cutting off a couple of minutes. There was also a LOT of batter, which was fine for me--I made 2 1/2 dozen, not 16 like the recipe said.

Great recipe.  I added lime zest and it was just divine.  Will definitely make this again.

so glad i found this recipe! first time, followed all except add 1/3c of whipping cream vs water- Oh DELIcIOUs !!!  will definitely be baking again! Thanks for sharing ! :)

This is Not a sponge cake. It was Very Heavy and tasted eggy but moist. I was in need of a sponge cake and in the middle of making this I soon realized that it would not turn out to be a real sponge cake. I continued the process and hoped for the best. Did not tast horrible but was not the a light airy cake I was looking for.

I halfed the recipe, did NOT use the orange zest, replaced orange juice with heavy cream, oil with melted butter, and vanilla extract with almond extract. Baked in a cheesecake tin for 30 min (about 10in circumference). Delicious!

I made it  beacause my mother in law requested to make a cake using her mango jam and  l tried using your recipe, thank you so much it was the best recipe pick , i will keep this recipe and find other ways to use it, it was delicious my whole family loved it. I used half of the recipe and used it to make a custard cake, i  used mango jam in replacement of grated orange peel and mango juice instead of orange juice and water. i baked it at 170 celsius for  60 mins.   The mango flavor didn't came out, so maybe i would use a mango puree instead of  mango jam. It was great recipe thanks again and to the person who made and shared this recipe thank you so much for sharing. More succeess to you.

I used this recipe this summer, and didn't get a chance to review it till now. I still remember how yummy and moist it was, it was just what I was looking for. I totally recommend using it! I was really happy with final result. It's a lot of batter, though; there was enough to make a medium sized cake and several cupcakes. I piped it using whipped cream, and it was excellent. Definitely a keeper!! :)

Made exactly as the recipe directed. Halved the recipe and it ended up making 12 cupcakes. This was wonderful! Not too sweet, yet moist, and it actually has no dairy! So, good for people who can't tolerate dairy. Thank you!

