Wonderful! Tasted just like my mom's pancit!

I used rice noodles and soaking them for about ten minutes did the trick, but make sure to break the noodles before soaking them or you'll have some really long noodles. The noodles, when cooked, will come out with an al dente texture to them.. Even Mom's leftovers still had that a day or two later.  It's just the nature of the beast.

Just a couple of things: I switched in green onions for the diced onions for color, used leftover chicken (this is a great dish for any leftover meat, including beef and pork) and used garlic powder to control the garlicky flavor better.  Perhaps most importantly, I used Kikkoman soy sauce to cook with.  Growing up, Kikkoman was for cooking with, due to it's lighter flavor, and La Choy was for seasoning at the table.  I still follow that rule, and it works very well for pancit.

I would highly recommend adding as many veggies and meats as you would like, just increase the amount of sauce you need. 

The only warning I'll leave anyone with is that I found the meat too salty after having been sauteed with the veggies in the soy sauce and oil.  Next time I prepare this, I will saute the veggies by their lonesome until just about done, then throw in the meat to warm, followed almost immediately by the noodles.

Play with it, make it your own, and enjoy!  This is an awesome, easily prepared party dish.  You'll be amazed by how much is made with one package of noodles.

Didn't really enjoy this. The texture of the noodles were... not very good. The flavor seemed pretty bland. Serrano hot sauce had to save it to be edible.

I spiced it up a bit, with some chopped birdseye peppers. A time saving hack was using packaged coleslaw (the kind in a bag without dressing)  the carrots and cabbage are chopped perfectly.

It’s a great base recipe. I added fish and oyster sauce, some teriyaki sauce then garnished with peanuts and siracha. I very much enjoyed it.

Decent recipe for beginner pancit. Growing up we always made pancit when we made lumpia (Filipino egg rolls) and the juice from the draining veggie and pork stuffing from the lumpia was used to season the pancit. Save yourself some time and just go to any Asian market and get packets of pancit mix along with some actual pancit bihon rice noodles from the Philippines. And then enjoy!

We ate it.  It was okay, but as other reviewers have said, it was very bland.  I even doctored it up with toasted sesame oil, seasoned rice wine vinegar, some shallots, I softened the noodles in chicken boullion, added toasted sesame seeds at the end along with crushed dry roasted peanuts and servedd momofuko's crunchy garlic chili oil on the side.  Still was very bland.  Don't think I'll make this again and will  look for a more authentic version.

Added ginger, turmeric,  extra garlic, sesame oil, Mongolian hot oil. My husband had three helpings!!

I used less soy sauce, and added a few drops of fish sauce and sesame oil. Made all the difference in the world. Also, shrimp instead of chicken.

I made this and we loved it!! I soaked my noodles in chicken broth and added some herb seasoning also added shrimp. Was sooo good and will be making it again sometime with chicken or beef to try different meats with it.

I made my this for my boyfriend and I. We both thought it was very bland. We tried doctoring it with chicken broth like others suggested. We even tried adding more generous amounts of garlic and soy sauce. Nothing really helped.

Try with any of the following:CashewsPeanutsThin sliced mushroomsWorcestershire sauce instead of soy.

