Delicious soup!  definately comfort food, but light!  I used 1/4 cup fresh lime juice instead of the Tamarind paste cause i just couldn't find any!  I also disolved a teaspoon of thai green curry paste into the water for a bit of kick!  Needed salt but that can always be added to taste after.  Fast tastey dish!

I was very excited about making the soup, however, I didn't like.  I was very very sour :(
My wife hated it.

I used vinegar and brown sugar and messed it up because I didn’t have tamarind.

Very easy to make, cooked in no time. Defiantly would make again (with a little less tamarind next time).

If you appreciate the deep rich flavor that tamarind can bring to a soup, you will enjoy this recipe.  Instead of tilapia, I used roasted chicken pieces. Yummy! -Paula Akbari

Ehhhhhhhh Followed the recipe exactly. It was nothing spectacular, didn't bring me back to the Philippines :( next time I'll try adding the ingredients mentioned in previous reviews

It was too sour for our taste.

Nice! I found tamarind paste at Whole Foods. I garlic, ginger, fish sauce, soy sauce to the base and mushrooms, too. The depth of the broth bloomed after about 15 minutes or so, right out of the pot it was still a bit thin. But it was really good, sour, comforting soup. I also added very thin brown rice noodles.

I love sinigang and this is the first time for me to make it with fish.I didn't have tilapia so I used haddock,I used a packet of sinigang na sili powder,added eggplant,batchoy,tomatoes,1/2 tsp patis, and two bullion cubes for added flavor and I loved every bit of it!

I was looking for a recipe that used tamarind instead of the Knor flavor packets that you see in most other recipes. If you're having trouble finding tamarind paste I suggest going to an Arabic or Persian store--tamarind is used a lot in Arabic food along with a lot of other great fruit pastes (apricot, fig, date, etc). I don't much care for the flavor of tilapia so I used shrimp and cat fish instead. I also added some Chinese long beans and sliced limes since that is how my boyfriend's mom makes it. It turned out perfectly. I think this will be my go-to Sinigang recipe. I am planning to make it again with pork ribs to see how it turns out.

I thought this was delicious. I needed about twice as much water. I used canned tomatoes, added dried sliced shitake mushrooms and a bit of salt.

