In some Filipino recipes, they add dried banana blossoms. They also put a cup of pineapple juice to make it sweet. Depends on how you want it. :)

The vinegar was too strong for this recipe and the sugar portion was too little as well ... so that being said ... I will be minimizing the vinegar content next time and I have added at least 1/2 cup of sugar to the mixture with some pineapple juice and it turned out better.

I added a little patis and a pinch of Chinese five spice.

I didn't have pig's feet available so i subbed pork neckbones. It was delicious! I also used a slow cooker. Cooked this on high for 4 hrs. My family loved it. It's a keeper. Thanks!!!

I followed the recipe closely except for the salt. For my taste, there's more than enough salt in the soy sauce. This recipe serves as a perfect hot and sour soup. I added carrots, but any crunchy veggies would work.

I plan to try it with tofu, shallots, bok choy, and shrimp.

Filled the house with the most insanely scrumptious smells. Needed to boil it for about 2 hours to soften up the meat enough. Also delicious with chicken leg quarters added.

great

The vinegar was too strong for this recipe and the sugar portion was too little as well ... so that being said ... I will be minimizing the vinegar content next time and I have added at least 1/2 cup of sugar to the mixture with some pineapple juice and it turned out better.

This is a great recipe. Next time I'll add some potatoes.

the first time i ate this my mom called it chocolate pudding the first time then when i ate the whole bowl she says "opps, sorry it's not chocolate pudding its Paksiw na Pata" iasked what that was she calls it pig blood. I only eat it every couple months, but it is still good

I'm giving this a 5 star review just from the reaction my Filipino hubby had when he came home last night and found that I had prepared this dish for him.  I am a Gma from the south and although this has been prepared numerous times with southern families, mine was not one of them!  DH had mentioned several times how much he would love to have pigs feet and told me I could cook them using the basic ingredients I use for a favorite chicken/pork adobo recipe that we both love.  When I found fresh pigs feet in our market, I knew the time had come.  Your recipe filled the need for the instructions. I got a great review from him and I only want to pass it on to you.  Thank you for making my DH a happy camper!!  He said it reminded him of home.  You just can't top that!!

