I'm always so happy to be the first to review a recipe, particularly when I can rate it highly.  I'm not very familiar or experienced with Tex-Mex or Mexican cooking and the seasonings used, but I do know what I like.  Going over the list of herbs and spices, hauling them out of the cabinet one by one, and then mixing them up all told me I was going to like this. The aroma was really wonderful, and it just looked, well, GOOD. My intention was to season some shrimp with this tomorrow but I was too curious to wait that long.  I seasoned up a hamburger with this wonderful stuff and grilled it for lunch. It took the boring ol' hamburger and made it something truly special.  Even tho' I'm not sure exactly what "Adobo" means or what it's used for, I still know that I can't wait to try this on other meats, chicken, rice, roasted potatoes or for  marinades .  As I started to make this I could have kicked myself because I had intended to make only half a recipe to start, to see if I liked it, but then realized I was dumping the full amounts into the mixing bowl. As it turned out my happy accident saved me the trouble of having to haul out all those spices again to make a second batch! Nice recipe, Traci. You got the combination and  balance just right!

I made this exactly as written.  We mixed this in with some ground beef and grilled as hamburgers.  All this tasted like was taco meat.  I'm going to use the rest of this the next time we make tacos.

This is a pantry staple for me, ever since I made my first batch. Just made a batch now.

I made it without salt as my wife cant have salt.  I just sprinkle a little salt on my food when I use it

This is a great seasoning recipe! The salt is high. We have removed 1 tablespoon of salt from the recipe and we love it. I would recommend it to all my freinds. enjoy!

I used my Bullet to mix all ingredients well for 15-30 seconds

Was a great seasoning and worked so well with so many dishes,my husband swears by it.

Excellent combination of flavors! With a few changes this was perfect for my Chicharronnes de Pollo.  1/2 tb salt; use smoked paprika; 1-1/2 tsp oregano; 1-1/2 tsp garlic

This adobo seasoning is delicious! I made it this evening to go in our slaw for fish tacos, and what a treat. I’ll make sure to keep the unused portion on hand for other recipes and have made certain to save it to my favorites! For me, I didn’t want that much salt so I didn’t use it. Simple enough. It cracked me up seeing reviewers complain about the amount of salt and yet not taking action on their own to eliminate it from the beginning of creation what they know they don’t want. Oh well...thanks for the chuckle just the same and Thank you to the author for taking the time to share this recipe!

This will be replacing our normal taco seasoning my family liked it that much. We have used it on homemade fries, fried venison steaks, an awesome pork loin we baked in the oven.

Soooooooo salty!! All the other flavours were beautiful. But definitely adjust the salt

