I decreased the sugar to about a tbs. and ended up adding some more water to make the dough pliable.  My empanadas turned out well.  Make sure and roll your dough out well, so they aren't too thick.  Thanks!

Good texture, but much too sweet.  Would be good for banana empanadas.

Too sweet, and made a rock hard dough. Baked it for 28 minutes and the bottoms were burnt, tops hardly had any color. I don't understand why so many comments are saying it's great but you need to reduce the sugar, butter, etc. If you have to change the ingredients for the recipe to work then it's a bad recipe. I'm disappointed I read the comments AFTER making it.

Made these tonight, and they came out too hard. I did decrease the sugar to about a teaspoon, but other than that, I followed the recipe exactly (well, I halved it, but did the calculations correctly - I even used about half an egg yolk, since it called for one for the whole recipe). Maybe I rolled mine out too thin, but the edges were hard like a cracker. Plus, it was really hard to work with, very hard to knead. I'll try a different dough recipe next time.

Good dough, I made a double batch which made it super hard to knead. It ended up being SUPER sweet. Like noticeably sweet from the first bite. Great for dessert, not so much for a savory dish. Definitely reduce the sugar level

This dough certainly is sweet, as other reviews have mentioned, but that works well for my family.  We enjoy a sweet dough with a savory filling.  It makes a nice balance that we all enjoy (a miracle in our household). My kids have even asked that I make the dough alone and fry up little squares for a snack!The one piece of advice I will give is for those using a dough hook on a stand mixer: be careful of your mixing time!  On my first attempt, I let it go far too long and the dough was very difficult to roll out (still tasted great though). Keep a close eye on it and turn off your mixer just after the dough ball pulls from the sides and holds together well.

I baked this one and it came out too hard a shell.

These are so easy to make and delicious. I cut the sugar in half. My family can’t stop eating these so I’ll make them once every two weeks.

I used a whole egg in the mixture and only 1 tbsp of sugar. I made twelve and stuffed them with potatoes, cheese and taco seasoned ground beef. Before I baked them I coated the pan in butter and the tops of each empanada with egg white and butter. Baked for 15 minutes, turned them all over, and baked for another 15 minutes. They came out amazingly crispy! The dough tastes great with the butter and cheese. I would make these again in a pan cooked with oil to see the difference!

Dough was tough and there was no way to make the dough stick to itself once I folded it over the filling.

We were not impressed with how this recipe turned out. The dough needed more water and was tough. Even after we brushed it with butter before baking, the empanadas were extremely hard to chew. this is not a recipe we will be trying again.

