My Filipino family's chicken adobo recipe is very similar.  We use 1/4 cup red wine vinegar, 1/2 cup soy sauce, 1 cup water, 2 bay leaves, and omit pepper. A generous seasoning of granulated garlic can also be used in place of garlic cloves.  A nice variation is also adding a little ground ginger.  Delicious over steamed white rice!

If you like soy sauce, this is the dish for you. That was pretty much all my husband and I tasted. As one reviewer commented, it's pretty salty even with low-sodium soy sauce. It's not a terrible dish, but the flavor is one dimensional.

so easy to make & delicious

I love this adobo dish being that i’m filipino but my moms recipe calls for a cinnamon stick, and she used 2 cups of low sodium chicken broth and light soy sauce and the flavor is out of this world. She never measured  in any ingredients and i don’t either and it comes out delicious every time. She was the best cook and made filipino food healthy but tasty. miss my little mama in heaven 💕

So I have been making this recipe for about 10 years, you need to do a ratio of 2 cups vinegar to 1 cup soy sauce, I highly recommend Datu Puti soy sauce and vinegar, if you go to Asian markets they sell it in a 2 pack together, their soy sauce and vinegar is milder than American/Japanese  versions and PERFECT for this recipe. I also use 3 bay leaves, and 2-3 cans unsweetened coconut milk (secret ingredient)  family favorite and can be done with chicken or pork.

This is a favorite dish from over 30 yrs ago,  I have made it in a crock pot, with and without skin, never browning first.  I even made it with canned chicken while we were sailing in the Bahamas to serve at pot lucks.   This is always a hit with requests for the recipe.  I like to double the liquid ingredients to make lots of sauce.  I use either white or yellow rice with it.  The smell is wonderful while it cooks.

I've made this over a dozen times and it's always big hit. I use a few bay leaves and add some stock so we have more sauce. I also reduce it down a bit with the lid off.

This is the best Chicken Adobo recipe IMO

My family and I love this recipe. I’ve made it with fresh lemon juice (per a Filipino friend) instead of vinegar. Both ways are amazing.  I did find out how important it is to use low sodium soy sauce.  I only had regular soy sauce and figured what’s the harm, wow big difference.

just as I remember when I had family in Hawaii and we ate it so often. it is goos recipe.

EASY RECIPE!! I used Red Wine Vinegar and seasoned my chicken (Adobe, onion power, garlic powder, Accent, pepper, and paprika)before I let it marinade for about 2hrs.

