My husband is Filippino and this is one of the MOST DELICIOUS traditional meals he has ever made for me!  Some things he does differently:  We use pork instead of beef.  You can also use shrimp.  We leave the oil out (healthier that way) and cook in this order - Combine water, onions, and tomato.  Bring to a boil for about 5 minutes.  Then add tamarind soup base, pork, and green beans.  Cook for one hour.  Add bok choy, cover, and reduce heat for about 10 minutes and serve over rice.  An entree'?  we do not need one!  We love this too much to mess it up with anything on the side!  We sometimes also add radishes.  Sounds disgusting, but it's REALLY great!

Aside from the fact it's given me RAGING heartburn, I quite enjoyed this. I loved the tangy soup base, but I would, however, experiment with the rest a bit - I wasn't that keen on the beans and broc. I like the idea of potatoes, and maybe chicken. Thanks!

I added three whole jalapeño peppers from my garden. Uncut.

Here is my pic of my beef sinagang!

I made a few minor changes--- used  canned tomatoes rather than fresh. Added mushroom, and reduced the amount o f tamarind mix   Turned out  well, happy  with it

I added corn on the cob (cut into 3" pieces) instead of broccoli.

Left out the broccoli and added a pound of shrimp and some extra baby bok choi.  Delicious.

I have had the pleasure of working with and knowing many amazing Filipino women. Let me tell you they love to make food and share it (lumpia, Oh my!) ! I have never made any dishes myself until this one. It was suggested by a friend. I followed all direction, but put the green beans in shortly after the water began to boil to ensure they were softer. We ate it over rice. My husband loved it. Next time I will take the suggestions of some of the other reviewers and try some of the root vegetables and change up the protein for whatever i'm feeling at the time. Not sure I was fond of beef in this dish. The sourness is just weird but in a good way!

My husband is Filipino and I'm Caucasian...having no idea where to start or how this is supposed to taste, I found this recipe and tried it out..I made a few tweeks here and there on the vegetables by adding some onion for flavor and my husband raved!  He said it was perfect and tasted just like his Aunt used to make him!

Tasted just like my Filipino mother in law's! I loved it! I didn't add the broccoli, green beans or tomatoes. I also did not saute in oil. I just added the onions, garlic & Knorr Tamarind Soup packet to the water. Brought that to a boil then added the beef & bok choy. Delicous. But it does make a TON so I'll be eating this for days. Unless I freeze some of it.

this is excellent quick and easy, I used a crockpot and the flavor got even better the longer it simmered over rice it's delicious

