I'm Filipina and grew up drinking avocado shakes. This is good but I'm used to it being made with condensed milk instead of white sugar

This drink is ok. I didn't have sugar so I used an extra scoop of ice cream and splenda for sweetener. This drink isn't as good as some of the avocado milkshakes that are served in the Filipino restaurants but it's good. And yes I'm Filipino and I grew up with abaca do milkshakes.

Great!

being Latino i love avocado but my girlfriend being a pinay(i think thats what its called) loves it, so i decided to give it the old college try. i didn't have any milk on hand so i used condensed milk since that's what i had and it was amazing i love it!

So very good! I scaled it down to 1 serving (1/2 avocado), and it was the perfect amount. I skipped the ice but added a small frozen banana and used the lime juice. It was thick, so I had to add more milk. Even then, it was still a little thick, but not icy-thick.....a nice creamy, smooth thick. Good way to use up avocados. Thanks for the recipe!

Delicious. I used about half the sugar specified and they tasted great. But if you've got a sweet tooth...

Me and my friend made it and it was really gross. We couldn’t even finish it.

I has surgery on my stomach and had to be on a very soft diet for over a month.  This milkshake helped me keep my sanity.  I followed the directions but it was too thin, the reason for only 4 starts, so added an extra scoop of ice cream and it was perfect (5 starts).   I used it as my main drink for my protein and vitamin power.

Super good. I have also used coconut milk in one I made and that is really good. Think maybe my favorite.

I made an avocado milkshake today for the first time and it's amazing!

I made some changes to the recipe and it was still very good. I used Splenda instead of sugar, forgot the lemon juice and I substituted cottage cheese for the ice cream (because I am counting calories). I bet if I make it with ice cream it will be even better! UPDATE: I just made this again with ice cream instead of the cottage cheese, soy milk, Splenda and lime juice and it is DELICIOUS!!  Thanks for the recipe.

