I added bay leaves to my adobo.  The vinegary taste is part of the dish.  Filipinos also mix pork and chicken together.  Thanks for the recipe.  Lola would be proud.

Sorry, but even using a low salt soy sauce, I found this way to salty. The soy saltiness was so overpowering I couldn't even taste the other spices.

This was my first attempt at an Adobo recipe and I couldn't have been happier ! I served it over rice which absorbed the sauce beautifully. I followed the recipe exactly and I wouldn't change a thing !

I highly suggest people make this w/bone-in skin on thighs & drumsticks.   It's sub-par w/out.

I loved this recipe but I had substitutions. I used pork not chicken. I used bay leaves not pickling spice because I didn’t have any and I have no clue where to find the cloth recommended. I doubled the liquid mixture because for 3 pounds of meat it did not seem like enough. I also added a tablespoon of brown sugar to the liquid mixture. I cooked for the recommended time and then let simmer at lower heat for additional time and it tasted amazing. I will make it again with chicken.

I made only half the serving size and it came out great! Only changes were reduced sodium soy sauce and a bay leaf instead of pickling spice. If you love apple cider vinegar, garlic, or soy sauce you don't have to worry about not loving it! I'm going to try adding some fish sauce next time for a deeper flavor and using more bay leaves.

Very good adobo. I usually don't eat adobo much (I still eat it occasionally because my wife loves adobo), but there are a few restaurants and recipes that make really good adobo. This is one of them.

The chicken just didn't taste finished. And the cider vinegar overpowered a lot of the taste. But it was good w/ some siracha sauce & black pepper on it. Would not make it again but only because it was to hard to make.

Easy and great flavor.  Added 2 more very large cloves of garlic for a total of 8 cloves, and for pickling spices, I used crushed peppercorns, bay leaves, and cinnamon stick.  My husband said that the adobo he’s had before is sweet but he liked this one better.  My 6 year old loved it.  Served it over jasmine rice and  sautéed onions and zucchini in a buttery cream sauce on the side.

Very good, I didn't use the pickling spices as I have no clue what that is. But this was very good, served with cauliflower rice. Will be making this again.

This was absolutely delicious! No pickling spice on hand so did like others suggested and substituted bay leaf, ginger, and black pepper. Served with Jasmine rice and cauliflower, broccoli and carrots. Yummy! Will definitely make again!

