This is a breakfast staple in the Philippines. It is usually eaten as you would have bread accompany your meals.  It is normally served to accompany Filipino sausages (with as many varieties as there are regions in the country), thin slices of  fried beef (called tapa) or sweet pork (tocino), or fried fish...even corned beef, luncheon meat, or chicken/pork adobo, for breakfast.  Most times, slices of tomatoes and cucumber or pickled vegetables are served on the  side while the fried meat or fish is dipped in vinegar and minced raw garlic, with salt and black pepper.
The garlic rice, therefore, need no meats in them. It is not the basic "sinangag" (as it is called locally) Basic is the garlic. 
The best to use is day-old cooked rice. When the rice becomes hard in the fridge, just wet your hands and mash the rice to crumble when ready to cook. The finished product is not supposed to be wet but toasted. That is why it has to be "dried" for at least a day in the fridge. That is why it is really called Garlic Fried Rice. Season to taste with salt and pepper and/or enhance further with meat powder while cooking.  
Turn heat off only when you are satisfied with the consistency achieved.
Basically though, except for the pork added, this is the way this dish is done by Filipinos.

I'm vegetarian, so I made this without the pork of course.  It was o.k., but a little bit dry.  I think a little sesame oil would really enhance the flavor, though I know that would really change everything here!

This was so quick and easy to make, but the flavor was delicious! I will definitely be making this again! I used pre-minced garlic instead of fresh and it still came out great, but I would imagine it would be even better with fresh garlic.

Another rave review from my husband. I made it earlier this week. Today, while planning this coming week's menu, he requested that I make it again.I found it a little dry. The first time I followed the recipe but left out the pork. I am thinking it may have been a bit dry because I did not use the pork. This week I will be trying it with the pork but substituting butter for the oil at my husband's request. We will see if I can get it up to a 5-star review.

So yummy! My whole family liked it

I didn’t use the ground pork either.  But I did add broccoli florets.   Tasted very good.  Everyone enjoyed it.  I was expecting a much stronger garlic taste, but it wasn’t bad.

So easy! So delicious!

I made this dish  as a side to go with grilled chicken.  It was simple to make, and delicious .  My family and I loved it.  Will definitely make again.

This is a quick and tasty side dish. Next time as a personal preference, I would up the chopped garlic to 2 tablespoons. I will also use a little less oil than the recipe calls for because I use oil in the instapot to make the rice. It was slightly too salty for me so I will cut back to one teaspoon of garlic salt.  Overall this is a great recipe and can easily be adjusted for personal tastes and preferences.

I tried this just because it sounds so simple and it was really simply delicious.  I think next time I might follow others advice and add a little onion.  My toddlers really enjoyed this.  Thanks

5 star with the following change.  You must triple the seasoning ingredients for 8 chicken thighs if you're going to season both sides of thighs. I added 1/2 tsp of salt to the seasonings but will use 1 to 1.5 tsp next time as the chicken was still bland. (I did not have garlic salt so I'm not sure you would need salt at all if you use garlic salt).  I oiled a cookie cooling rack, placed it on top of a foil-lined cookie sheet and placed the seasoned chicken on the rack.  I baked in a preheated 450 degree oven for 1 hour.  The chicken came out still juicy and crispy skin. There was very little fat in the pan but the drippings do burn so be sure to foil the baking sheet.  Hope this review is helpful.

