Wow!  This was the first time I'd tried an unrated recipe, I made it exactly as stated (marinating for 6 hours), and it was so simple and delicious!  It was very easy to prepare with ingredients you're likely to have on hand, except for maybe the goat.  We had purchased two pounds of frozen goat stew meat and made a curry with the first pound.  We found that first meal quite chewy and tough to eat because we hadn't realized that we should have stewed the goat for some time to soften it.  With this recipe the marinating combined with the stewing made the goat meat easy to eat.  The broth was lovely and rich, and rather than rice we used bread for sopping up the broth, but next time (and there *will* be a next time) I think we will use rice.

Though it was very, very tasty and I do recommend it, it did seem to be missing a little something.  The flavour seemed a tiny bit unfinished, if that makes sense.  I was thinking maybe some other herb or spice was needed to round it out, but I couldn't put my finger on it.  I may have to experiment... :-)

I made this in the slow cooker and it was the best stew I’ve had.  Outstanding!

I modified this recipe a bit.  No peppers but used mango curry sauce, Thai chili sauce, Boc choy, onion, cauliflower, and broccoli. Delicious even without rice.

Love it! made it last night, but made 2 mistakes.  Forgot the peas & cooked a little too long in my crockpot/pressure cooker. Still learning how to use it. It only over cooked the potatoes and carrots, but the overall dish was Amazing!

Simply wonderful recipe. The person who gave this a one star obviously can't cook

So delicious! I added extra carrots and potatoes and a hearty dollop of harissa paste. My family just devoured it!

I loved the base ingredients of this stew. The marinade was good but I added red pepper flakes. I marinated the meat for 24 hours. I used the crock pot to slow cook stew. I found myself adding more spice, more red pepper flakes and more cayenne to get a little kick. I will make this recipe again. It was delicious and the goat was very tender.

Loved this recipe. Love the sweet, sour taste the vinegar and tomato sauce give

Really enjoyed it.

Oh...my...GOD!!!  Lip smacking good!  We didn't marinade it.  Just threw everything into an instapot and cooked for 40 minutes.  We didn't have tomato sauce so we used 2 oz tomato paste and extra broth.

