For all the first time makers, let me tell you... the more cassava added, the thicker the cake.  The less, it will be more softer and fluffy more custard like.  4 cups make a thick cake.  2 cups will make it really fluffy.  When grating fresh cassava, one pound will yield about 1.5 cups and the grated product will have a mushy consistency.  I added 1/2 cup of dried sweetened coconut flakes.  It is better to add jarred macapuno strings, or fresh coconut.  It is also better to reserve a couple tablespoons of condensed milk and coconut milk to add as a topping at the last 15 minutes of baking.  Thanks so much for the formula my friend.  Very delish.

You have the ingredients wrong. You say 2 cups of cassava, but for that much liquid you need 4 cups.

Being a  hopeless cook/baker & my 1st attempt at making kassava cake, for me the recipe was so simple & clearly explained. No  jargon that I didn't understand since I'm not Filipino. Blindly followed the steps. Waited for the results/end product & oohlala...it was a winner!!! I couldn't be more pleased. Shared the kassava cake with my family who loved it. They didn't believe I had made it & I couldn't be more proud of myself. Thanks to your recipe. I'm now proudly acknowledged as a  certified baker!🤩🌟

As always I love the consistency of the cake and the creaminess. I let it bake for an hour and ten minutes, but it depends if I want a firmer cake. Love it. And I also add coconut flakes at times for something different.

Double the grated cassava and it’ll be perfect

This turned out really well! Based on the other comments about texture, I added 1/2 cup (unsweetened) coconut flakes and baked it in a l0x13 pan so it would be thinner and cook through. I also added some of the condensed and coconut milk to the top for the last 15 minutes. The texture of the cake was firm, but it tasted super coconutty and sweet...next time I will probably do 3 cups of yucca and no coconut flakes. Thank you!

It's Perfect

The recipe is WRONG! Use 4 cups of grated cassava instead of 2 for this recipe. The recipe told me to use 2 cups of cassava and now the cassava cake doesn't even look like cassava case... it looks like leche flan.

Pretty easy cake to make. My mom loved it! And so did my coworkers. It was not to sweet, but it was delicious.

As an experienced Baker, it came out perfectly although I set my oven at 300 degrees  and baked an hour. I couldn't find macapuno coconut so I used 1 bag of coconut and 1 tablespoon of vanilla.

i made the recipe with the said ingredients it came out perfect, if you want to add more casava you could too

