I've made this recipe a few times now, and each time added more sugar and salt (it was quite bland the first time). Adding 2/3 cup sugar and 2 tsp salt makes it delicious! Just like I remember. Also don't forget to sprinkle the tops with bread crumbs before baking to make it authentic.

I tried to make this recipe three times and failed each time. I did exactly what the recipe directed and it did not work.

i tried this recipe nd i made it perfect, my family loved the taste and did it the second time around instead of oil i used butter and add more sugar

Such a no-fuss and versatile recipe! It’s my fourth time to make them today in a span of   just 2 weeks.

My Filipino husband and kids love them.  You’d never know they were made by a white girl. I need to make them more often as they’re super easy yet delicious.  Masarap!

I made it exactly as it said to, and it was far from my past experiences with actual authentic pandesal. I’ve been to the Philippines before, so I’ve had authentic pandesal bread, my mother is also a professional chef, so I’ve had amazing pandesal before. This was awfully bland, it needs more salt and sugar. Also, it needs much more time to proof. One hour and then a half hour is not enough time. It needs five hours (at least) with you kneading it every hour to get it to the fullness it needs to be at.

I made this recipe almost as is, except I mixed butter and oil instead of just oil. The other measurements where perfect. It tasted like it needed a tiny bit more salt and bread crumbs to give it the authentic pan de sal texture. I will make this again ad it is a good base recipe and easy to follow.

This far the best recipe I made pandesal brings me back to the old days where I ran up to the store early morning to buy the freshest made.

I've been making this for three years for my Spanish class, my Spanish teacher loves it and even says its better than the one she had that was authentic! Great recipe.

Everything went fine until i tried to take the damp cloth off the rolls. The cloth stuck, the rolls deflated, and I ended up with a bunch of hard tack and two dead towels.

Made this pandesal recipe for the first time and turned out almost like store made ones. Awesome!

