Pork sinigang is my absolute favorite filipino dish. One of the most delicious things about sinigang is that you can add almost any kind of leafy green vegetable like bok choy, baby bok choy, or spinach. My family has always included a lot of green vegetables. In addition, we add radishes. Lots of radishes. Then the end result is a full complete meal. Try using pork country ribs as well which is absolutely delicious.

The way my grandmother taught me to cook sinigang is to never use ginger for the meat version of this dish, only for fish or shrimp. Also, using pork chop lends to the meat getting a bit too tough. Better to use neck bone or pork belly with some rib meat. The latter tends to be a bit fatty, but that's part of the dish's character. Lastly, you can opt not to cook the onion and meat in oil, just put the meat, onion, tomatoes, salt, and water in the pot until the meat starts getting tender. Then add the gabi (taro). Put in a hot pepper or two when the taro starts to soften. By the time the meat is cooked, the taro should be almost done, too, so no need to take them out. This is the time to add the tamarind soup mix. If added too early, the meat absorbs it, and the broth ends up not being too tangy, and the meat ending up tangy (for fish and especially shrimp, the soup base is added EARLIER). Add the green long beans; you can also add water spinach (you can get these at most Asian stores). Also, the best thing to eat with sinigang is rice that's NOT newly cooked. If you're having sinigang for dinner, make sure to make the rice at least two hours before (I make mine by lunch) and let it cool off a bit. You can microwave.

I also like small cuts of pork for my Sinigang. Liked this recipe!

So easy to make! I used pork ribs and cooked them for about an hour. Though I think I should’ve cooked them longer to be more tender. I also skimmed off the floaties that surfaced when boiling the pork. I like to add taro, green beans, Chinese eggplant, and mustard greens. I also add the soup mix last. I use a packet and a half because I add more water (I like it more soupy) and sour. Definitely need to serve over rice.

I enjoyed this very much. I added some spinach and shrimp to make it a bit heartier, family loved it!

I follow this recipe pretty closely except I don’t use very much ginger. The bit i DO use i chop very finely. Also, I add OKRA and BOK CHOY along with the green beans. I love tomatoes so I also add 1-2 more depending on size of the tomato. My entire family LOVES it! It’s been a hit! It’s def a HIGH DEMAND meal, they ask me to make it at least once every other week!

thanks for this recipe :)

Honestly, I tried this recipe and it just wasn't like others I've tried. I did a major swap out from pork chops to country style ribs, pork shoulder/pork butt or picnic pork, basically something with fat. My two VEGES of choice (besides standard onion and garlic) are daikon (white Japanese radish) and mustard greens (I prefer Chinese mustard greens but American mustard greens work well to) Also, i don't like the ginger or potatoes in recipe.  I'm not a fan of green beans, tomatoes or eggplant in it. But if it's in it, I'll still eat it. I've never used knorr sinigang seasoning powder. I prefer a brand I find called "mamasita"
Sinigang mix.

Awesome taste! I made it with left over turkey from Thanksgiving! YUM!

I'm not a good cook by any means, but I can certainly follow directions! The recipe was pretty spot on. My hubby and I wanted more vegetables so I increased the water to 6 cups and added 1 bunch of Spinach (removed the stems of course), half a Daikon raddish (or "gabi") to the green beans the recipe calls for. Since the Daikon raddish comes in this huge foot long stock, I only used half and sliced up the rounds failry thin (I remember my Mom would cut them in chunks). Also, I didn't have tomato sauce handy and substituted ketchup instead.  Recipe is must try for 1st time or occasional cooks!

First time trying my hand at sinagang. This was a good simple recipe, can't really mess it up. Bone-in pork boiled w veggies n spices. The original recipes call for real tamarind n not the packet, but this was good and easy. I took the advice n browned the meat first in oil before , and then added some minced garlic and fresh ginger. Also added 1 whole fresh daikon for texture. Doubled recipe n used 2 lbs chopped baby back ribs to 10 cups water.

