Wonderful tasting, easy recipe!  I didn't have fresh ginger so I used powdered. I also used boneless chicken breasts, and only one can of coconut milk because that's all I had. And it was still delicious! Even my kids loved it ... and ate the spinach. *shock*  I'd like to try this recipe exactly the way it's written sometime. I'm sure it would be even better.  I served this over jasmine rice with a side of stir-fried veggies (eggplant, zucchini, red and yellow peppers). Delicious, healthy, quick dinner.

The flavors were good and the recipe was simple enough, but this meal was VERY greasy.  I followed the recipe exactly and served it over rice as suggested, and I feel very bloated.  Not sure if it is the chicken or the coconut that makes it so fatty.

Really tasty chicken. My sauce broke, probably because I cooked it longer than directed so turned into just fat, but I wasn't sure if it was supposed to be a saucy dish anyway. I added onions and garlic and a bit of siracha. Next time I would do the same, and with more ginger. I hadn't had this before and would definitely use this recipe again.

It's such a good recipe that I've made it 3 times in one week. I used skinless thighs, and fresh ginger (a lot!) and garlic. I didn't have spinach so I sauteed fresh mushrooms and added a nice handful of  spring onions. The taste is amazing. Thank you for the recipe.

Very nice. I added fresh garlic, shallot and fresh green chilli. Even my fussy 10yr old ate it.

Tasteful! I sautéd garlic, ginger initially. Removed it from the pan. Cooked the chicken (cut and rubbed with all the spices below). Added potatoes, red bell peppers, baby corn/chestnuts. Sprinkled onion powder, garlic salt, ginger powder, salt & pepper. Sautéd it a bit more before I added the 2 cans of coconut milk. I simmered on the stove for 20 mins before I added the spinach. And I sprinkled the above spices again and let it cook for another 5mins. Family liked it.

I just made this Chicken Recipe and I like it, but it may be too spicy. Thanks for the Article. it helps me a lot. and I have seen Another Recipe it was so good at making and It too Delicious Here you look at up https://www.wahrecipes.com/chicken-curry-with-homemade-coconut-milk/

This is sooooO good! I added a teaspoon of paprika powder for smoky flavour. I din't have spinach so I used potato and carrots instead. #foodgasm

Great flavor. Don't skip the second can of coconut milk! I made the mistake of following others by only using one can. I ended up having to make a second batch of sauce to serve leftovers. You can add as much ginger as you like (fresh or powdered) I will make this again with TWO cans of coconut milk and some patis (fish sauce)- for authentic Filipino ginataang taste.

This recipes packs a big ginger kick!  For my family's palate, we needed onion to help bring out the sweetness here--as written, the recipe doesn't call for any onions.  We didn't use chicken, and instead used chickpeas.  I also agree with the author, daplo, that cooks should liberally salt this dish!  It needs the flavor punch.

Simple. Easy. Good. Will make it again. We love ginger in our house. 

Threw in some squash we had in the fridge. Would also be good with eggplant.

