I've made Adobo many times - for those who found that it was too salty, this has to do with the brand of soy sauce you use.  If you buy Kikoman for example use 1/2 cup less than the recipe calls for or add more water.  If you buy a Filipino brand like Silver Swan then follow the recipe as is and it won't be salty at all.

OK here's the deal: This recipe is WAY too salty. Why hasn't anyone else noticed this before? I thought I was going to have to throw away the dish but I just kept the chicken and not the sauce. The amount of soy sauce is way too much for the recipe, try cutting down on it if you make this chicken. Another recipe I used before from all recipes is "Baked Teriyaki Chicken" submitted by Marian Collins, it was delicious.

I only used one cup of low sodium soy salt. Everything else was the same. It was delicious. I would highly recommend it.I served it over basmati rice.

It was a little too salty and I used the low sodium soy sauce. The chicken was super tender. Next time I will reduce the soy sauce by 1/2 cup and double the honey to make it a little sweeter and balance it out.

Use low sodium soy sauce..  Salty

So I had a friend that grew up overseas and they taught me their version of Chicken Adobo. I use chicken with skin and saute until browned. The ingredients of this dish pair well along with banana peppers on the side. I would suggest adding a 1/2 lemon for acidity to even out the flavor. Over all..... Not  bad:)

Basically soy marinated chicken. Don't bother with the honey or bay leaves- the overwhelming flavor is soy sauce. And the sauce that gets reduced at the end is sooo salty, even with low sodium soy - -when you are boiling down the soy sauce, the salt staysAs someone else pointed out, the braising and the grilling times are enough to cook the chicken. Time reduction on both might help.

Good recipe overall. I thought because so much soy sauce it was going to be too salty but it actually wasn't, it was very flavorful.

This will work with Pork ribs, Beef ribs or steaks and chicken pieces...

It is also part of my culture from being an Pacific Islander...

Too Salty. Almost inedible. I even on put 1/2 of the liquid on the chicken, still way too salty.

yes, I didn't read the remarks till after I made it, with regular soy sauce it is overly salty, I'll have to try it again with less soy sauce

