This recipe is great, but there is no need for the additional salt because the soy sauce has a lot of sodium.  Also, if you like garlic, use fresh crushed garlic instead. I tend to use ground beef instead of ground pork because the ground pork takes longer to cook, and when I make a huge batch of these, I don't have time to make sure the pork is cooked well and at the same time the lumpia wrapper is not burnt!  My extra ingredient that gives the taste a special twist is to use sesame oil too.  I use sesame oil that's more an asian style, and it has a strong scent, but a lot of people will say it tastes good and ask what that extra ingredient is.  I also add an egg as well.   This recipe is good w/sweet and sour sauce or w/soy sauce and a little vinegar for dipping.Another good sauce to eat with this is Thai sweet chili sauce for a little hint of spice.  OH YEAH ..they're great for freezing in case you have unexpected guests... like the other reviewer said, you don't need to thaw before frying, just be careful of oil spatter.. don't turn the heat too high or it will burn quickly while the middle is still frozen.  If you want to  make  sure the amount of soy sauce isn't too salty for you, don't add it all at once, and you could do what my mom does, throw a little tiny bit of the meat on a pan and fry it and then taste it to get your flavors right.  a tip i got from my cousin is that if you are freezing them, spray the bag or container you keep them in with baking spray  and lay

I was really disappointed with this recipe. I followed everything that was in the ingredients and now my whole batch is ruined because it's too salty. I'm so upset. It took me a long time to finish wrapping all those lumpia only to find out that the food is TOO SALTY!!

This recipe is very similar to how my mom makes her Lumpia. I would skip the salt because, as others have mentioned, the soy sauce has enough salt. I also minced garlic instead of using garlic powder. Otherwise I really loved this recipe!

Delicious!  Similar to my Mom's recipe except she doesn't use carrots, beef or regular onions.  She used green onions and ground pork.  She kept it simple.  I on the other hand, substituted the carrots with "black fungus" or "Taingang daga" in Tagalog which literal translation is "rat ears" haha but it's not--it just looks like it once you chop up the mushroom.  But a warning: chop them or grate them into tiny pieces and use sparingly just to bring out the flavor of the ground pork more and to add more texture--I made this with 1lb of ground pork (no 1lb of ground beef) so obviously cut all the quantities of ingredients by half.  So for 1 lb of meet, I used 1 tablespoon chopped black fungus and instead of regular onions, I used green onions.

2 tablespoon salt, too salty. I should have read reviews first before trying.

This is pretty close to my mom’s recipe, who grew up in the Philippines. I will definitely make it again with a bit less salt. I also added 2-3 green onion and a can of chopped water chestnuts.  It’s not lumpia unless you get the right wrappers. The super thin ones. Try ranch 99 if you have one near you.

OMG I followed the recipe and ended up with a very salty batch of lumpia shanghai! Needless to say this is very disappointing!

Except for using all ground beef, I made it as instructed.  We used Sweet Chili by Mai Ploy to dip them in.

I make this all the time without the additional salt - it is not needed at all! I also use lumpia wrappers that I buy at an Asian supermarket. Nom nom nom

I discovered lumpia on a Taste Made segment and decided it was something I'd like to try. This recipe is the closest I could find to the recipe from the TV show. It *is* time consuming, but by the time I completed the thirty or so lumpia rolls, I had the hang of it. I went to an Asian store because I really wanted the authentic lumpia wrappers. I didn't realize how amazingly thin these wrappers are. Though they are difficult to work with until one has some experience, the light pastry turns out very well once deep fried. Please note: the amount of salt called for is quite high. I will probably reduce the salt volume to 1 tablespoon at the most the next time I make these. One other tip: Once the grease reaches it's target temperature, turn it down slightly because the temperature will keep increasing with each batch that you fry. With too much heat, you run the risk of burning the lumpia. One final note: the recipe does not state whether one sautes the mixture before placing it in the lumpia wrappers. I did. I was concerned that raw sausage and ground beef may not fully cook if I didn't saute it before loading the mixture in the lumpia wrappers.  I'm anxious to try this recipe again with other ingredients. I have another thirty wrappers in my freezer. I highly recommend this recipe; it's well worth the inconvenience of tracking down the lumpia wrappers.

The basics on this recipe is great, but to the novice you need to be specific on spring roll wrappers. DO NOT use Vietnamese spring roll wrappers as they will not brown. I guess there are regular spring roll wrappers....we'll see.

