This is a great recipe. I use three chayote squashes and usually a box + a can of chicken broth (or sometimes I use 3 cans instead). I haven't used spinach before but baby bok choy or regular bok choy both make this delicious. I use a bit extra on the ginger and 1 large onion to make sure it's fragrant. No need for salt if you're using regular chicken broth. Easy, quick and wholesome! I love cooking from whole foods.

Typical ingredient is green papaya, malunggay or sili leaves (pepper) , chayote squash could be a substitute for papaya but I would never use spinach although bokchoy can be used.

Grew up in the PH and am a natural Filipino here. You can use rice wash instead of chicken broth. I will also stick with chayote, or papaya, or zucchini, and chili leaf replacements(moringa, spinach, bokchoy) as mentioned in the recipe, otherwise, the dish won't be called TINOLA. :D

GREAT TASTE, EASY TO MAKE

We like greens 🤭

First time I heard of Tinola was on a NYT podcast re: chicken soup.  We loved this recipe. I used spinach and chayote purchased from my H-E-B, and amped up the ginger and garlic.  They usually have Bok Choy but it was a busy Sunday.  I layered the baby spinach leaves on the bottom of the bowl with a scoop of  jasmine rice. Kept the spinach from taking over. 
Cynthia H.

Perfect

Yes! I loved it! I used a little more fish sauce. Turned out really well. Thank you for the recipe!

Delish, I added wombok cabbage, carrot, green pawpaw and some baby eggplants as I needed to use them up and it was amazing. My Filipino friends and their filo mum loved it. Thank u for ur recipe

I susbstituted the chayote with a potato and added lemon juice at the end.

A very easy, tasty recipe and full of goodness. It contains protein and fibre. I used extra salt as didn't have fish sauce at home. 
Today, I will make again and add potato instead of having it with rice, and eat it as a recovery to exercise. It really doesn't need anything extra added, and you can have it as a soup

