You're right, this is not an easy recipe! However, if you have siopao finatics, as I do, it is well worth the effort. I made this for my Filipino husband for our 28th anniversary. He assures me there will be 28 more!! Thank you for sharing and for such clear instructions.

I tried this recipe but I did activate the yeast first by using warm water and adding 1 Tbsp of sugar, set it aside until spongy bubbles appears on top of it. Then you can mix it to the flour mixture. I also let the dough with fillings rise for 15 minutes before steaming it.

I'm a proficient cook and baker-- this dough recipe is garbage. If this was supposed to be glutinous rice flour then that should be stated.The resulting steam bun was hard, grainy, and lacked flavor.

First time trying steamed dumplings and this recipe. Tried to carefully follow the directions but the dough turned out crumbly and difficult to work with even after adding water. Managed to get a few filled with a chicken and rice mixture we mixed up using the ingredients this recipe called for as a guide. They turned out dense and dry but the flavor of the dumpling dough and the filling were tasty. Unfortunately, because of the failed dough I can only give two stars. I will look for a different recipe to try next time. One that doesn’t have other reviewers say they ended up with crumbly dough.

Even with reserving my usual 1 cup dry, the resulting dough came out like a gritty lump. Adding sufficient water to help allow the rice flour to hydrate over the course of an hour produced a much better look, feel and spreadability to the dough. Even with this, the dough simply has no ability to hold itself together, the best comparison I can make is kinetic sand. I steamed a couple rolled pieces to see how it would hold together before risking a meal on this and it was what I expected. A flat, hard, textureless plank that fell apart immediately after being removed from the paper.

Attempted this recipe twice and it didn't turn out well either try. The first time, I followed the recipe exactly except that I did not have a bamboo steamer and used a regular metal steaming pot. They were so dense and dry but the filling was good. So, thinking it may have just been the type of steamer, I got the recommended type and tried again. They were less dry but still super dense. Giving it 2 stars only because of the decent filling.

Uh oh. What happened? Dough balls split apart when handling and then again when trying to remove them from the steamer. They taste similar to the ones I had in China, but a little grittier.

I made a smaller batch, using my bread dough recipe.   Followed the filling recipe except I used chopped raw chicken tenders. Everyone love it!

This recipe is certainly missing something. I downloaded it and followed the directions to a "T" and would up with piles of rice flour goo. I'm so upset at spending $50 on ingredients only to have my entire meal end up in the trash can.

Flavor is great but dough was sooo crumbly. I just read now that I may have added too much flour - so I’ll make it again my house smelled amazing though). Also instead of chicken I used carrots and leeks cause I’m vegan and used tamari sauce to make it gf. I also baked it (should have steamed as it was my first time but got tired lol). It had the texture of monay but the inside with the filling was nice and soft. Overall I think recipe is great and appreciate you sharing. Will try to make it again tomorrow if I have the energy. Thanks!

I don't understand the problems reviewers had with the dough. If your dough is crumbly you add just a bit of water, if it's too sticky you add a bit of flour, it's common sense. Flour is different, humidity is different where you're cooking, this is basic technique. At any rate, while it takes a bit of time I didn't find this recipe difficult in the least. I've been looking for a great rice flour dough recipe to make bao that my celiac husband can have, and this does the trick beautifully. Use the filling listed or go crazy experimenting with your own combos, the possibilities are endless! Imagine sloppy joe filled buns, buffalo chicken buns, BBQ of any variety, chinese veg filled, egg custard, sausage and egg breakfast buns, cheeseburger, pizza flavors, seafood, taco, fruit, chicken pot pie, quiche, spinach dip, the only limit is imagination. This is hands down one of the most versatile recipes you can have in your recipe box, and they freeze well too so make up a few dozen and when you're ready to eat them just steam in a bamboo steamer until they're 165 degrees inside. No more buying buns for crazy prices at the international grocery for us, homemade is WAY better!

