excellent filipino recipe my mother makes this quite a bit

This was a pretty good recipe of Pinakbet. I was always so fond of this dish growing up, being that it was always available at family parties and my grandma's was hands down, the best! Some changes I made: I sauteed the onion, garlic, and tomatoes with patis(fish sauce) then added the pork. I added 1 cup of water with 1 tbs of bagoong alamang(no shrimp or prawns). I used butternut squash, because bitter melon is just not for me or my family. And I added zuchinni cubes. Brought everything to a medium boil for 15mins. But these are just my preferences, thanks for sharing :)

I didn’t have any bitter melon or okra. I used chicken instead of pork. I added vegetable bouillon, red pepper flakes, cilantro, creole seasoning, a cup of water & corn starch to thicken it up. It came out sooo delish. My daughter loved it. Definitely making this again.

This was very good. 
I grew bitter melon in my garden, and having no idea what to do with it led me to this recipe.  I would make again!

I used chicken instead of pork as I had it on hand.  It was good, loved all of the vegies, but I thought it needed more flavor.

I used a 12 can of  v-8  tomato juice & cooked this in the slow cooker for about 4hrs. The seasonings from the v-8 made this really tasty...

Taste just like how it should without having to use a pinakbet pack from seafood city or something haha. Thanks!

It was an easy recipe. Instead of shrimp , I substituted with 3T bagoong alamang ( fermented baby shrimp ) and a dash of  patis ( 3 Crab Brand). It  was delicious. 
This is my new favorite vegetable dish.

This was a pretty good recipe of Pinakbet. I was always so fond of this dish growing up, being that it was always available at family parties and my grandma's was hands down, the best! Some changes I made: I sauteed the onion, garlic, and tomatoes with patis(fish sauce) then added the pork. I added 1 cup of water with 1 tbs of bagoong alamang(no shrimp or prawns). I used butternut squash, because bitter melon is just not for me or my family. And I added zuchinni cubes. Brought everything to a medium boil for 15mins. But these are just my preferences, thanks for sharing :)

So easy for a very tasty weeknight dinner!

I loved this dish! The blend of vegetables and cooking method used here resulted in a hearty dish. Very lovely flavors. I had to slightly alter a few details due to lacking a few ingredients. Lacked the bitter melon so I decided to substitute extra eggplant in its place. Didn’t have prawns on hand so we used shrimp instead. This was a really good recipe, thanks for sharing.

