Very simple ingredients, BUT for those watching their sodium intake I found that you can use water instead of chicken broth because the fish sauce already adds salt plus I added a touch of Kosher salt. The bone-in chicken wings plus all the other ingredients adds lots of flavor. But if you're like me and hate rubbery, gummy chicken skins, I used skinless boneless chicken breast because the chicken broth adds lots of flavor. Thanks for posting this recipe.

Needs chicken Bouillon! Too salty!

I am the whitest white lady from the deep south, I have NO experience with Filipino food. A coworker posted a photo of her Arroz Caldo and it looked so good I went searching and found this recipe. My family LOVES it and we have made it several times! I always include a soft-boiled egg with mine

Simple but looks so delicious and nutritious!

I made two small adjustments to the recipe. 1) I used thighs because bone-in chicken grosses me out. 2) I used half the broth and split it with water because I'm sensitive to salt.This was really, really good. Shockingly good. A perfect comfort food, really. If you make this, definitely include the lemon which makes this rich, filling meal taste light. This is a great example of why I like to search for new and different meals. A simple recipe where the result greatly outweighs the process.

This is very easy to make for somebody like me that doesn’t really cook. Very simple.I used the reduced sodium chicken broth and added 1 chicken bouillon . Just the right taste. Not salty at all. It’s yummy.

I’m Filipino and this recipe is legit! Adding more ginger and just a little more fish sauce made it taste just like my mom’s arroz caldo. I like my arroz caldo with chicken thighs. I will be going back to this recipe again and again. Super delicious!

I dated a Filipino for several years and this dish was always served as part of Christmas breakfast. I don't remember their porridge having ginger, green onions, or eggs.  However this recipe is next level delish, and is perfect as written.

I also add carrots and use a chicken stock cubes.

Excellent. Used drumsticks instead of wings. My Filipina DIL grew up with this dish in Baguio and said this reminds her of the same way her Lola made it.

Easy to make. The amount of garlic, onions and ginger that I used was based on taste. I did not measure the amount. But I definitely used a lot of ginger and garlic :-). I used chicken bouillon instead of fish sauce and I used 1/2 glutinous white rice and 1/2 regular rice so it's not as thick (tip from my mom). I used fried garlic from a jar for convenience. I used chicken breasts instead of chicken wings.

