Two of my most favorite ingredients- coconut and chocolate- combined in one! I used jasmine rice and garnished with a little toasted coconut.  However, next time I think I will reduce the cocoa powder to 3/4 cup instead of a full cup so the coconut flavor is more pronounced. Thanks for this recipe!

Good but I had to add more liquid than it called for. I didnt have enough coconut milk so I used regular milk.....don't know exactly how much milk Ive used but I was treating this like a risotto method since I did have to cook this way longer.

Very yummy and easy as pie to make.  You just need to be by the pot to continually stir.  Has a heavenly chocolate flavor and only 428 calories for a large bowl.  I highly recommend it..  I make it all the time.

I love how my champorado turned out. I topped it with cottage cheese, the saltiness balanced out the sweetness of the champorado. I also toasted my sweet glutinous rice because I like the toasty aroma

I love champorado, i grew up eating it almost everyday! If you like it really sweet like i do, try adding condensed milk to the finished product, super yummy!

FOr those of you people saying it is too thick, it is supposed to be like that. Before you eat it, I always add evaporated milk on my bowl. Makes the pudding less thick and the unserved pudding won't be runny. (Like the rice sweat all of the chocolate liquids)

Loved this recipe, the first time I've seen coconut milk in champorado, which made such a huge difference. I would have given it 5 stars but I ended up tweaking the recipe. I added a lot of water, probably about 10 c (lesson from previous failed champorado attempts), and just used 1/2 c cocoa, 1 cup coconut milk and 1/2 c sugar, plus the 1 tsp salt. Then it came out perfect.

Good but I had to add more liquid than it called for. I didnt have enough coconut milk so I used regular milk.....don't know exactly how much milk Ive used but I was treating this like a risotto method since I did have to cook this way longer.

I am curious, is the cup of rice cooked or uncooked? I used uncooked, and after cooking it in the lite milk for 10 minutes and added the cocoa, I ended up with a thick batter... I added 1 1/2 cups water, and then the sugar, and cooked it till it was done. Also added a little vanilla and a touch of cinnamon. It was tasty, but not sure what I woulda ended up with if I hadnt added the water.

All time filipino favs.

Two of my most favorite ingredients- coconut and chocolate- combined in one! I used jasmine rice and garnished with a little toasted coconut.  However, next time I think I will reduce the cocoa powder to 3/4 cup instead of a full cup so the coconut flavor is more pronounced. Thanks for this recipe!

