I live in the U.P. and was looking for an approximate amount of vegetables.  This recipe was the perfect balance!  As far as everyone else saying they were dry, my grandmother used to put a pat of butter inside of it before closing it up, and it wasn't dry at all. Hope that helps.

maybe you have to grow up on these things or something, but we ALL thought they were extra gross, and of course, the recipe makes a ton of them.  UGH!

We made 12 smaller pasties.

MSG is not healthy for anyone. The recipe is great without it.

I used store bought pie crust and it worked out fine cut into 4 pieces. I used beef broth instead of water and bullion. Did not use MSG.

I used a 2 pet ritz pie shell and pep ridge farms puff-pastry sheets for each of the toppings. HALVED RECIPE FOR EACH PIE SHELL Also shredded carrotts and freeze dried onions cut prep time down. Layered meat in bottom if pie shell then potatoes sprayed butter on THINLY sliced potatoes (used V mandolin very helpful) sprinkled onions and shredded carrots sprayed again with butter a sprinkle of garlic salt. Sprinkle beef bouillon over top.

My mother is from Upper MI and taught me how to make pasties when I was young. We/she uses pork steak and beef steak and leaves out the MSG and rutabaga.

This is a great recipe.   I've made it at least three times in one month.  It is an amazing option for everyone to have a different type of lunch without having to worry about heating things up or stuff leaking out.   

I divide one batch of dough into fourths.  Roll each out and divide it into at least 6 .  So at minimum we end up with 24 yummy little hand pies - good for lunches for the week usually if they alternate with other options.    They are surprisingly filling even in small sizes.  

TIPS:   
The key to not leaking is low fluids and small amounts.  Don't overfill the pies and don't add too much liquid.  We pack dipping sauces in small containers and that takes care of any dryness issues.  

Do use water to moisten the edges when you pinch them together.  Also poke holes in the top.  Make sure to seal the edges by crimping them or folding.   

Do try other fillings!   I know they aren't traditional, but we love pepperoni pizza type fillings, and/or rotisserie chicken/cheese/potato/onion.   It's nice to have a change for lunches.   Add seasonings or a tiny bit of cheese to the dough - or brush with olive oil.   

Our sandwich bread went bad because everyone was taking these for lunches!   Great recipe and very versatile!

I’m a Michigan girl, so grew up with these treats. I use an alternate crust found on all recipes and used ground sirloin. My California family loved these and wanted more!

Not a winner in my house. Too dry. Needs a lot of improvement.

Wonderful recipe.

