Dont you hate it when people rate a recipe with a low rating and they obviously didnt make the dish? If you think 1 cup of whipping cream is too much that is fine you dont have to make the dish. BUT That is not a reason to give it a low rating. I found this dish to be just about perfect. The seasoning was great and the taste was delicious! Thank you for much! I will make this again.

The meatballs taste unique but the milk gravy was kind of bland - not worth the fat...

Came together easily; good flavor in the meatballs - the allspice gives it an interesting twist. Gravy is a little bland

Meatballs were flavorful and moist! Recommend swapping out half ground pork.

I made this recipe & doubled it for my large family, & they devoured it! It was soooooo good! Thank you for sharing. The only thing I changed was adding fewer bread crumbs because I didn't have enough, & then added less cream. Definitely a keeper to make again! And per the author's suggestion, we did have it with beets, mashed turnips (instead of potatoes), & pickles. All from our garden - yum!

Thanks for the great recipe!

This was delicious! I tried to follow the recipe as close as possible. I wasn't sure how salty it would be so I reduced the salt to one teaspoon. I also used 1/4 cup cream in the meatball mixture and found it worked perfectly. Side note to say I made this in my instant pot! I sautéed the meatballs on low, then added 1 cup of milk. I switched it over to manual low pressure for 15 minutes. Quick released, removed the meatballs- whisked in 1 Tbsp flour and cream until thick and smooth. OMG I'm so glad this recipe was spotlighted for me...yum yum!!!

I'm a "newly fledged" adult. (If my parents are empty nesters, that makes me a fledgling, right?) I make this all the time now. It's great. I use turkey instead of beef and used the gravy recipe from one of the comments to reduce the fat. I also don't cook the meatballs in the gravy since I like to freeze them and save for days I don't feel like cooking. And I don't like onions, so I don't use that either. The allspice flavor is wonderful!

I have been making this recipe for years now and we love the flavor of these meatballs. Perfect comfort food!

This recipe is great! I have made it twice in the past two weeks as I am going through a meatball phase. They are very soft due to the cream. The gravy is just a basic béchamel, and I seasoned it with allspice for something different.

These are quite similar to the ones I grew up with. The only differences I make are: less salt in the meat, less allspice and add fresh black pepper. I also add salt and cracked black pepper to the gravy and a little dry red wine doesn't hurt either.  These are delicious. : )

