I love this (Obviously, as I submitted it).  However, I need to note the following:  Add 1 tsp. vanilla/vanilla sugar to the dough with the egg.  Also, you may need to use less milk (Use between 1/4-1/2 cup).  Also, for the topping, add the sugar after you mash the blueberries (You don't need to mash all the blueberries--You can leave some whole).  Finally, parchment paper is not necessary, nor is greasing the pan.  It will stick a little, but comes out nicely from my glass cake pans.

This looked like a very good recipe but it didn't turn out well at all. The pie was so soggy in the middle that upon cutting it all the filling (mixed with dough) freely flowed out. I had already increased baking time by 15 minutes but that obviously didn't help either. Also the crust was more like angel food than cookie dough. I wonder if allrecipe's metric/US converter was a bit off. I converted the recipe back into the metric system (I grew up in Europe and operate on metric measures)and the measures were odd considering that it was supposed to be a 'metric' recipe originally. I might give this another try but so far I am quite disappointed with the results.

Just out of the oven.  Very nice taste. I will add vanilla to dough next time and reduce sugar in blueberry topping.

My blueberries came out too watery, and I didn't form the crust properly, but it was delicious even with with my shortcomings

This was a very easy recipe and everyone loved it!  We served it with fresh whipped cream and it was the perfect finish to our barbecue!

I used 1 tsp vanilla in the cookie dough and only 1/4 cup of milk as was recommended in the reviews. I used frozen blueberries but had no problems. It cooked for 25 minutes and was a great dessert on this hot, 115 degrees, Phoenix day.

I followed the author’s directions including her edits except I had to use frozen blueberries instead of fresh. I baked it for the full 25 minutes and it was perfect. Thanks for sharing this easy and tasty dessert.

8.1.19 ... https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/203567/finnish-blueberry-pie/ ... Well, for me, I'll pass; for S & E, they liked.  The base reminded me of the "sugar cookies" you can buy at Walmart or Kroger.  Bland, dense, somewhat dry, not crispy, soft   I added a t of vanilla to the base & a T of cornstarch with the berries & sugar.  I squeezed them in a plastic bag rather than get squirted with blueberry juice using a potato masher.  I baked closer to 40 minutes.

The crust was delicious. I would like to add a layer of cream cheese filling under the blueberries next time just to take this great dessert over the top.

My grand kids and husband really liked this as a breakfast treat. I served a small scoop of ice cream on the side. I thought the crust and filling were a bit too sweet, but worth working on because the kids liked it. The crust had a texture somewhere between a sugar cookie and poundcake. I think the berry topping would be every bit as good with half of the sugar and very slight mashing.

Thanks to the comments, I added a little vanilla and used less (about 1/4 cup milk) and it turned out perfectly!

