I live in Finland but am not Finnish.  For those who think this soup weak, bland, or with non-mixing veggies... this is a traditional Finnish soup made with what is on hand.  It is served as a started for a long summer meal that usually includes -after- steamed potatoes with marinated herrings of various styles, smoked fishes, salads, and the like.  It is a bland soup, no chicken stock or anything, but using, as KEY factor, all FRESH vegetables.  True baby carrots, not shaved ones, fresh peas that we shell, cauliflower or broccoli, and young potatoes wit barely any skin on them.  What is delicious about it is the sheer wonder of the flavors of every vegetable.  If you do not use fresh, do not make this.  It just won't work.

I was not impressed with this recipe. The flavors just did not seem to blend together very well. If I fixed this again I would leave out the carrots and use about 1/3 the amount of green beans. I liked the flavor of the broth with the onions but I ended up picking most of them out because they were owerpowering. My final suggestion wold be perhaps to use a few more potatoes. I doubt I will fix this again.

Such a comfort soup! Just a mild nourishing meal!

I really enjoyed this soup but I changed a few things.I cut the vegetables smaller than   suggested. I added more flour.So it was a little thicker. Very good even with just salt and pepper. Vegetable flavor really comes through.

Made this for my husband who is second generation American with Finnish relatives.     Made it for dinner.  Had to substitute frozen string beans and peas.  Was amazed that the only spices were salt and pepper!  So just followed recipe as best I could.  Served a big bowl to my husband.  He gave it a B plus.  Yes, he could have it again.  As it lacked protein, I added a cheese stick on the side.  When I had my serving, I felt it was too much liquid.  Next time I would serve in a smaller bowl and have something complimentary with it.  One half a sandwich?  Or the cheese and crackers to follow the soup.  I agree with my husband, it has a nice mild taste.  I realized that Finland is north and cold in winter.  So it makes sense that this summer soup emphasizes fresh vegetables when they are available.

I'm from the east coast of Canada; we call this hodgepodge!! Delicious!

I live in Finland but am not Finnish.  For those who think this soup weak, bland, or with non-mixing veggies... this is a traditional Finnish soup made with what is on hand.  It is served as a started for a long summer meal that usually includes -after- steamed potatoes with marinated herrings of various styles, smoked fishes, salads, and the like.  It is a bland soup, no chicken stock or anything, but using, as KEY factor, all FRESH vegetables.  True baby carrots, not shaved ones, fresh peas that we shell, cauliflower or broccoli, and young potatoes wit barely any skin on them.  What is delicious about it is the sheer wonder of the flavors of every vegetable.  If you do not use fresh, do not make this.  It just won't work.

So simple and delicious. I throw in some Ultratex along with the flour to thicken it more, and swap the green onions for leek, but otherwise make the whole thing as is, albeit in a larger batch. I usually eat the cold leftovers for breakfast with hot sauce - fantastic!

The first time I made this I didn't change anything and it was very good, but with my family they like some type of meat in their soup. =( So I just made this soup again but instead of water I used chicken broth and added some cooked chicken at the end.

This was good...better the next day...I cooked the beans and carrots with the potatoes...if I would have had yhe potatoes cooked before adding the rest, I feel they would have been mush before the rest cooked thru.

I was not impressed with this recipe. The flavors just did not seem to blend together very well. If I fixed this again I would leave out the carrots and use about 1/3 the amount of green beans. I liked the flavor of the broth with the onions but I ended up picking most of them out because they were owerpowering. My final suggestion wold be perhaps to use a few more potatoes. I doubt I will fix this again.

