TEMPERATURE ALERT!!!  this recipe really needs to be edited, the temp is listed way too high.  i had to scrap mine and make french toast for the kids instead...i used to make a smaller amount version of this pancake in a skillet, and believe me its one of the most interesting, easiest breakfasts out there.  im definetly going back to this one, but next time with a lower temp..

This recipe needs serious editing, for a 9x13 dish this is too much, it overflows and still seems eggy. 450 degrees is also way too hot, my first batch burned horribly around the edges while not finished in the center. It also should have vanilla extract in there it seems, its not sweet like it should be.

This is an absolute favorite of ours.  For the temp issue, I followed what others suggested and stick with 350 for about a half hour.  We just finished a plate of these that I added 2 tablespoons of unsweetened cocoa and 2 tablespoons of orange liqueur.  Also, if you have it, I used the 00 flour I use for my pizza,  the texture is like firm pudding.  Thx for the recipe.

I added the excess. Butter to the batter and I feel I should not have. Tasted like a melted marshmallow.

Wow!! I baked at 400 for 40 min, splashed some vanilla in the batter and sprinkled some cinnamon on top and it turned out amazing!! Definitely making this again!!!

As suggested, lowered oven temp to 400 and it was almost still scorched on the edge but it turned out great and we loved it.

My mom used to make this for us when we were kids, but I couldn't find her recipe so decided to go with this one. It was very different, but very good!! I added vanilla, a bit of half n half and followed people's advice to bake at 400°. I made one and a half batches and put in a bigger dish. I checked it at 30min and am so glad I did because it was done!! Everyone loved it and compared it to French toast. Served with butter and real Maine syrup and would definitely make again!!

This was DELICIOUS! I topped it off with some sautéed apple slices in cinnamon sugar and nutmeg! Yum!

I’ve made this recipe probably 50 times now. The oven temperature should be 400. 450 will be very burnt on top. You can cut the sugar in half, and back off the butter a little but too. It tends to be a little too oily on top with the full 1/4 cup. Use a cast iron skillet to get more even heat distribution and avoid having to soak a glass or metal pan for days to get the burnt batter at the edges off. You can throw fruit into this too!

Looks delicious

My husband nade this. The temperature was too high as written. We had the Black Hills in our 13x9 pan.  400 at 40 minutes might work better.   My husband is Finnish and told me that the name should be Kropsua.

