This was a great vegetable dish. Thanks for sharing the recipe.  I made this dish for Christmas dinner. I prepared it up to but not including the baking of it, froze it and thawed it Christmas eve. I popped it into the oven for an hour when the turkey was finished and resting prior to carving. It was light and tasty. The whole family, all 15 of us, enjoyed it, even the one year old! It will be featured in our family recipe collection and I will certainly make it again.

This was just ok for me. I didn't care for the cinnamon topping and even with the addition of the eggs, the casserole was not firm enough for me.

Made it exactly as recipe states.  (actually, i cut the sugar by half)  We really enjoyed

Doesn't look like much but when I serve it people can't get enough of it.  A big winner in our house and a great way to use turnips. Quick, easy and delicious.

I was skeptical of anything called Turnip Casserole, but I tried this for a Scandinavian cuisine night, and it was a big hit with kids and adults alike! I followed the recipe exactly, and it tasted not so much like carrots or turnips, but a bit like pumpkin pie, and a bit like breakfast pudding/bread pudding, because of the slight eggy taste. I would do a little less cinnamon & sugar on top. I will keep this to make again!

I did not add the topping,  It was a great way to use my turnips from Imperfect.

The only difference I made in this recipe is that I left the sugar out of the topping, though I did sprinkle the casserole with cinnamon. My family all had different opinions about the level of sweetness. My kids thought it was just right, I thought it could be slightly less sweet, and my husband thought it should be more sweet.   I will make it again, though I may play around with the amount of sugar.  It's nice to get another Finnish recipe to add to my collection, as I am of Finnish descent. Thanks for sharing!

Needed to cook veg for longer to be able to mash it.

This dish was excellent. Just the right amount of sugar enhanced this dish. I was worried that it would be too sweet, but it was the perfect amount. Glad to find another dish that incorporates turnips, a very underrated vegetable.

This is a really good recipe. I did not have any turnips, but I had parsnips so I used that instead. Only other change was to reduce the amount of sugar on top to 1 Tbsp.

Great added extra carrot and topped with sugar cinnamon. Made day before and partially cooked then

Made again with gluten free flour and oats and used cocanur oil instead of butter to make vegan. Topped with cinnamon

