This is a great bread with a wonderful taste and a very good texture.  I had a hard time choosing between 4 and 5 stars, but I settled on 4 because of a few minor issues that I have with the recipe.  As a few people commented, I think it's better with double the cardamom, and I also had to increase the flour quite a bit (although I used all-purpose flour, so maybe that's why).  But my biggest complaint is that the frosting looks kind of silly to me.  Maybe I did something wrong, but it seemed to cover up the attractiveness of the bread, and lumpy things don't frost very well.  Since I just made the bread for my family, it didn't really matter, but I think I'll have to experiment with the frosting to get it looking better.  I'll probably try thinning it out into more of a glaze.
UPDATE: I made this again and added more milk to the frosting to thin it out.  The bread was much more attractive and was a huge hit with everyone who ate it!  This is going into my permanent recipe box.

I'm a pretty experienced bread baker and made this exactly per the recipe. Wow! Pretty tasteless. Way too little salt, but even accounting for that there is nothing special here.

I made half the recipe and one loaf. I didn’t add the frosting. It was amazing! I don’t even like cardamom, but everyone else in the house does so I made it for them. It’s now my favorite bread! Maybe I don’t hate cardamom as much as I thought.

This is DELICIOUS and I get many request to make more.

My bread came out identical to the picture above. I baked my bread on parchment paper on a cookie sheet for 21 minutes at 350 degrees and it was golden brown. I used my Mom's Glaze Recipe: 1 TBSP plus 1 Tsp of hot milk, 1/2 cup sifted confectioners sugar and 1/4 tsp. Vanilla Extract. I used a fine pastry brush for applying the glaze while it was still warm. This bread is a keeper!. I did have to use 1 more cup of flour than it called for. I also made 2 braided loave's and 1 cinnamon loaf, after all, that's what gives this bread its distinctive flavor!

It’s actually spelled Nisu, unfortunately I never got our family recipe. We came here from Finland. This is the closest I’ve found, so ty so much for that! We add the glaze on top as well as candied cherries

Never tasted anything like it! We're enjoying it with a homemade raspberry jam.

I’ve never had success making bread. This recipe turned out great!  I will make it again.  It’s a little plain. Agree with everyone else to add more spice. I used fresh ground Cardamom about 1teaspoon then added another teaspoon of ground.  Still barely taste the spice.  Loved it though!

Very tasty. I used butter instead of margarine and put a little cardamom in the icing

30 minutes is too long. I watch as to how brown it is. Usually 24 min. Don't overcook it. Also I use pearl sugar. That's how the true Finnish traditional Nisua is. Yes, at least 3 tsp of crushed cardamom, not fine grind. You need to taste the cardamom when eating.

Sooo good,tender, just a little sweet will make again

