people always call this a finnish pancake, it's closer to french toast. a family fav. just heat the pan first. it's fantastic with syrup.from: a finnish girl.  SISU!!!

It was difficult to rate this because I wasn't sure what to expect. A Pannu Kakku recipe that I saw on another site said it was an "oven pancake," so I was expecting something similar to a pancake. (Which this was not). It was more like a slight sweet, puffy egg custard. My husband liked this, and I didn't care for it very much (though that may be more my personal taste than the recipe). I had to bake it a little longer than stated. I am glad I tried it, if only for the experience of baking (and tasting) some Finnish food.

JUMMY

This is amazing!! Turned out great. Really like this recipe. Definitely recommend.

Great recipe. The batter was very liquidy but turned out great. Next time I make this I would reduce the butter because there was a lot of grease on top after baking. Tastes just like Finland.

Ok, you need more flour...more like 1.5 C and half the butter. Sugar depends on your personal taste. I'm Finnish, trust me...this is outstanding but the typical pannukakku batter is thicker than a lettu batter...let the batter sit for 15-20 min white preheating the oven.

This recipe is pretty amazing. I melted the butter in the pan inside the oven while it's preheating. Gives a great extra flavor to the butter.

I used half of the recommended sugar and added 1/4 tsp vanilla.  I wisked the ingredients on high to get it mixed well.  20 minutes at 400F.

My wife is from Finland and always talked about how good is pannukakku is. So one morning while she was still sleeping I made this for us.

Before it was even finished she was woken up by the smell and knew exactly what I was up to. Needless to say, she loved it and scarfed down so much of it I thought she was going to be sick. Said it tasted just like home.

This recipe had way too much sugar. I cut it in half and it was still too sweet. Also, cutting out the sugar left a pool of butter in the middle so if you cut back on the sugar make sure to cut out some butter too.

Delicious!  The cooking time is not correct, it takes closer to 50 minutes or so to cook.

