undefined

I've made this twice and both times the macarons haven't baked. they come out of the oven soft and with an air pocket inside the shell. likely I've somehow over-mixed them but a the same time I'm not sure how to mix them any less without ending up with chunks of almond flour. Also, they don't seem to puff like other macarons- these ones are flatter.

I’ve made them twice. First time following the recipe but WAY too sweet!  I only out 1 cup of confectioners sugar and added 1/4 c extra almond flour.  The semi sweet chips and cream for filling.  Much better.

I think it could be better but it was still really good!

Great recipe my merengue did not really whip though. TIP: Don’t use parchment paper only a silicone mat. The macarons will stick to the paper. But great recipe tasted great to. I also could not find finely grounded almonds.

I have baked these twice and the inside did not get done either time. The first time I waited an hour before baking and the second time I did not. Both times the shell formed but the inside didn't cook. It was gooey and inedible. I followed the recipe to the letter even weighing the ingredients. I will not be trying this recipe again. Very disappointed.

These macarons were extremely easy to follow and my family was very happy with the result, turned out flawlessly!

Hi Liz,

I’m sure these are lovely, but let me help here for a moment. In searching for a macaroon cookie recipe, I found yours for Macaron (French Macaroons). The Macaron (Mack-a-Rohn) cookie has nothing to do with a macaroon (Mack-a-Roon). The ingredients and baking are completely different and a macaron is a filled cookie using two meringue cookies that have not been completely set. This isn’t a case of you say macaron, I say macaroon;)

I made no changes to the recipe at all and they came out looking and tasting absolutely perfect. I had to leave them in the oven for about 20 minutes but I will definitely be making these again!

You have to use the weighted recipe. I bake at 285 for about 15-17  minutes. It’s perfect every time.

I really wanna try at as soon as possible

