Great recipe, with ONE exception: I initially followed the directions to whisk the flour/eggs then add the wet ingredients, but this left me with VERY lumpy unusable batter. Doing the reverse - mixing the eggs & wet stuff then sifting in the flour - worked way better.

Someone tell me what I did wrong please! I prepared the batter from the previous suggestions and it came out beautifully, no lumps, but when I put it in the well-oiled pan, it just turned into scrambled eggs!  I had to throw it out!  It can't be the recipe because all of these reviews, so maybe it was the pan, the spatula.......I don't know!  Help! (SMILE)

I’ve made this a few times as written. Turned out perfect!  Not sure why the other reviewers had different results. Definitely a keeper for me. Thanks!

I make this recipe all the time. I do however just put all of the ingredients in my blender instead of mixing by hand. They turn out great every time.

Batter too thick. Added more water and it was fine.

Here's something you can do if your batter is too lumpy or anything like that. You can make the batter first and thenput it through a sifter. This can remove all lumps and is Effective for me.  Another tip is to not use any oil/butter when frying it on a non-stick pan. I've used this hack on pancakes aswell and it makes the end product  have a nice smoother surface like the desired look. Overall, the recipe is amazing and I will do it again next time.Another thing is that I saw that most people have their batter turning into scrambled eggs, so you just have to leave the batter on the pan until you think the whole piece is cooked, this will make it stay in one piece.P.S. I didn't read instructions, just did wet with wet and dry with dry. That might've helped.

These turned out horrible and ended up in the trash. Mixing in the eggs first made it lumpy. Gradually they turned into thick pancake like lumps….. I’m pretty certain crepes don’t call for eggs….. won’t be using this recipe again.

Do not mix the eggs with flour. It results in a grainy mixture.

I made it and it all became super thick and i cooked it and it was raw inside and did not look like a crepe at all to me

Worse recipe. The order in which you state to mix everything together was all wrong. Batter was so lumpy

Batter was way too thick to result in what's shown in picture/video.  I even added extra water...

