For those of you who are hesitant to try this recipe because of the cost of Gruyere, I have a tip. Grate cheap grocery store brand Swiss cheese; it costs roughly $3 per pound instead of $18 or so per pound like Gruyere. Then pour about 3 T. of white wine over the 2 C. of the Swiss, toss, and let sit for at least 15 minutes. When ready to use, blot with a paper towel to remove excess wine, and it will remarkably cook up just like Gruyere. Your palate won't know the difference, but your pocketbook will!

These weren't awful.  I just felt they were a little bland and not worth the cost of the cheese you put in.

Great recipe!  Didn’t change a thing, and everyone loves it!

I used what I had on hand which was sweet potatoes, Yukon golds and russet potatoes to make 3 lbs. I blanched the thin slices of potato but only for 3 minutes. They then went into an ice bath to stop the cooking. I used salt, nutmeg and pepper on the two layers along with Gruyère,a little cheddar I had and Parmesan cheese on top.  When it came out of the oven I topped with green onion and chives. Best potato casserole ever.

Follow directions and it came out awesome.

This was a big disappointment. The finished dish was soupy and bland. The ingredients were expensive. I wouldn't have minded the expense if it tasted better, but that wasn't the case.

1.  Not crazy about boiling the potatoes, garlic salt first; but it might save time in the oven.  2.  If it's bland, two easy fixes:  mix crushed anchovies (up to a can) into the cream; add caramelized sliced onions as a layer.  3.  Nothing's better than Gruyere for this recipe, but Swiss or a Swiss combo or Fontina (mixed with Gruyere or not) should work perfectly.

I LOVE these,  made according to the recipe except for the cheese I had no Gruyere, so I used Havarti.

A little bland.  I did add salt.

I splurged on the gruyere and it was definitely worth it for our Christmas dinner. It's a delicate, creamy flavor and absolutely delicious. Made as written except I used russet potatoes and only boiled them about 5 min so they wouldn't fall apart. I will definitely make it again with gruyere for special occasions and maybe try gouda or play with various cheeses for an everyday side.

I’ve always loved making this dish! But this time I added spinach to it and it was delicious!!!

