Made this for Recipe Group...FANTASTIC! I have a recipe that I just love, but this is definitely gonna replace it, as it was even better than that one, and it took a lot less time to make too! I used Wondra flour in place of the regular flour b/c it blends easier, (I used a tablespoon or 2 more than called for). I did not have any thyme on hand, b/c I'm not a fan of it, so I omitted that. After the soup was done, I added a little more salt (personal preference) and some browning seasoning to make it a richer color. I toasted my bread on both sides and rubbed it w/ garlic before putting it on top of the soup. I am so glad I decided to make this today...it was a hit w/ all of us and my new go-to onion soup recipe~YUM! Thanks for sharing. :)

Unfortunatly, we didn`t care for this soup. I didn`t like the red wine taste in this soup and together with the onion the taste was boring. I`ve used wine in soups before and liked ther result. Not sure I will try this soup again.

I haven't made this soup yet but it sounds delicious 😋.

Will never have it out again! I will make it at home.

Growing up, I never liked French onion soup, I just didn’t get all the hype.  And even as I grew older; it’s onions and broth, big deal.  I’m now 62, and just made this, begrudgingly, at the request of a friend.  Found this recipe and...  BIG DEAL! BIG DEAL!  This is amazing!  Now I get it!  This was so impressive that I am having my neighbors over for a meal of this soup.  Yep, I am official on the French onion soup campaign.Thank you SSSOOOO MUCH!!!  I LOVE, LOVE THIS!

I’ve made this a few times, trying to put my edge on it, and taking a few variations from other recipes, until I think I have my own, reproducible soup. I almost always add a few anchovies to any sweet n savory grill. I added a tablespoon of sugar to the sautéing onions. My grandmother always said:A little sugar in the pot,Gives it what it hasn’t got.Just delicious, even without the additions.

By Far, the best French Onion Soup that I ever made.  The key was cooking the onions down until golden brown.  That really gave them a deep caramelized flavor.  I cooked them longer than the 30 minutes in the recipe.   I also substituted gruyere for the provolone, but that is just a personal preference.  You have to try this recipe

It was good though not as rich as others that I have made.

This is a very rich soup, definitely like something from a restaurant! I caramelized the onions for about an hour and sautéed the garlic separate. I added the full amount of wine in the recipe, however  the flavor was a bit too rich and I think I will cut it in half next time. I used Mushroom Broth from this website for the broth to make this vegetarian. Overall, great recipe, I will surely make this again!

Loved this!  After traveling this summer my husband declared his most favorite soup was French Onion Soup. I solved the problem mentioned in reviews that the onions took much longer to cook, by dividing the onion step into 2 pots so it took 30 minutes!  That’s the only tip I can make, I followed the rest  of the recipe as written. Definitely will make again.

Very tasty.  Not nearly as salty as other restaurant versions. Thank you!

