Made this and completely omitted the butter (sounded nasty to me) and it was delicious. Didn't even notice it was missing. Everything else was done according to the recipe. Works really well on bagels in the morning too.

This recipe is a good base but I would make a few changes.  I didn't like the texture of the dry herbs. I thought they would soften up by the next day but mine didn't. Next time I would use fresh.  Normally,  I am the biggest garlic fan but the flavor was overwhelming. I used two large cloves so next time I would cut back on that some.

Very nice 👍

After reading many reviews, I also left the butter out (sounds like it would be far too buttery/rich) and added some mayo and sour cream. I needed a spreadable consistency for wraps, so another reason to leave out the butter. I added about 1/4 tsp of salt and some freshly ground black pepper. It was good to use as my base layer on some wrap sandwiches the next day. It probably helped the flavours to meld that I made it and left it overnight before using.

Left parsley out, and didn't have parmesan but I still loved it!!

I omitted the butter and added a scoop of sour cream to make it creamier. I used it to stuff chicken breasts and bacon wrapped shrimp. Now I’m enjoying the rest with some crackers. Wonderful recipe (without butter)!

I made this according to directions and it tastes good.  I do not like how stiff it is.  I think this would be better if it was creamier and easy to spread.

Made a double batch today. We added fresh chives for fun. It’s delicious.

Made the recipe almost exactly as written. I just couldn't help myself  and added more cheese than called for. It was amazing! Like others, I worried about using the butter, it just didn't fit in my mind. Since I'm  eating Keto know I figured it would help bump up the fat content. It turned out fantastic! I've eaten it on cucumber slices and celery spears. I will totally add this to the dip rotation.

I am able to give this five stars because I doubled the herbs! I ended up eating it on a spoon!

I rated it four stars as I did not have all the ingredients so can't properly comment on the recipe. I used a combination of fresh and dried herbs and added chives and omitted the dill.  I didn't add butter but the cream cheese that my husband purchased had butter in  it. At first I thought the  flavours of the butter and parmesan cheese taste were too much but after sitting 8 hours all the flavours blended well. But, as others have stated, it tasted even better the next day. Next time I will use two large cloves of garlic as we really like a garlicky dishes.

