I made a few changes to this recipe. First, I brushed the chicken with egg and rolled in breadcrumbs instead of flour. Second, I fried the chicken in butter for about 10 minutes until it was nicely browned, then I put it in the oven at 350 for another 20 minutes. Instead of simmering the chicken in the sauce, I whisked the cream,wine, bouillon and cornstarch in a bowl, then simmered it for about 10 min. alone, and spooned it over the chicken.
It turned out fantastic. My fiancee` said this was the best dish I ever made, and he's more of a beef man. Thank you!

my sauce curdled and was thin and runny.  taste was good though

Fabulous!

I have used this recipe as my guideline several times. One change that I made is to add panko, salt, pepper and Poultry seasoning to the flour then dip the chicken breast in milk before dipping in flour/panko mixture. Then Cary on with the recipe as called for.

Fairly easy to make. We did it as a family and it was good to have extra,  clean hands. This is a delicious dish that my son kept asking me to make it again. I used a Suavignon blanc wine.

Very delicious.

I’ve been making this recipe for at least 15 years, I don’t know why I’ve never reviewed it.    I’ve made some small additions for personal taste.I use too much wine, a healthy dollop of Dijon mustard, and a lot of shallots in the sauce.   I usually lose some cheese out of the rolled up chicken into the sauce which makes it that much tastier.

It was really good, I didn't have red wine so I used white cooking wine and it still came out great. More cheese next time though. Delicious!

One of the very best recipes I have ever made. Thus far everyone I've ever served this to has absolutely loved it, myself included. It is so tasty, delicious and simple to make.

I've been making this for about 9 months and this is simple and absolutely delicious as written. The sauce is definitely a keeper. I love using the sauce for all kinds of meals. Thanks for sharing!

I made this receipe for some of my husbands friends and they loved it,I then made 19 for Christmas dinner one year and it was a huge success even from my aunt who had tried someone else's and didn't like it. Making this for 2 sisters and a brother in law tonight! Can't go wrong with this recipe!

