I made this recipe exact, only using lactose free milk. I served this with my Buttery Maple Syrup. Both of my kids ate all six pieces though my oldest boy thought it was a little too "eggy". Not a reflection on the recipe, just not my kids' cup of tea. Using my griddle, this recipe took no longer than 15 to make from beginning to end and it used the last of my bread before Grocery Shopping Day.

I made notes on this recipe Thank you

This french toast tasted really good, but I used twice the egg mixture it said to use. Also, I had to put the heat down to medium low. Overall it was a pretty good recipe.

Very good.  I did add a 1/4 tsp of vanilla and used whole earth sweetner (stevia). And whole wheat bread.  I will try with raison cinnamon bread next time! YUM!  Also a spoonful of sugar free whip cream on the side to dip in.

Tasty and quick. Could do without salt/less salt depending on salt content of bread/fat used in pan.

Taste amazing I love it so easy to cook I'm going to cook more often this has always been my favorite and I cant wait to make 8t agian with the help of allrecipies this is my favorite cooking website love it.

I’ve been looking for an easy cinnamon toast recipe. This was simple, easy to make with everyday ingredients and so tasty with some honey on top??

the last peace didn't have enough batter to cover both sides  which wasn't grate. so we just fed it to the dogs. over all they were grate and very easy to make.

I don’t eat French toast, but my husband LOVES it. I made this recipe for his birthday breakfast—he devoured 3 slices! I used slightly stale whole wheat bread slices with the recipe as stated, but with a teaspoon of nutmeg  and a 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract added. I also melted a couple of pats of unsalted butter in the skillet before adding the soaked slices. Smelled SO GOOD while it was cooking!! The slices cooked up beautifully-tender on the outside and slightly crisp on the outside and edges.

Great basic French toast recipe.  I didn't have an dry bread so i threw it in a low oven a bit.

