This was so easy. I made it exactly how the chef said and it came out fabulous. I also made it using whole wheat flour and it was amazing. I have made it multiple times and will continue to do so. Thanks a million

I love how the baking goes smoothly. Procedure is very clear and easy to understand. Must prepare more the next time!

They turned out perfectly.  I'm definitely making them again. This has become my go to recipe for croissants.

Great job of explaining and simplifying a complicated dough made this an incredibly tasty breakfast.

My husband and I loved these!  I wanted to make 12 chocolate croissants instead of 6 so I followed Chef John's recipe for regular croissants (which is pretty much the same as this one except double) and then switched over to follow the instructions for adding the chocolate.  I didn't roll the dough out quite long enough so my croissants were a bit short and stubby, but the flavor and texture were there so I don't care as much about the looks.  I'll do better on that next time!  It helped me to watch and pause each section of the video as I went along.  Chef John has made me feel more confident about making pastries!

I made three different croissant recipes to test them, and this one was not only the easiest, but it turned out the best by a landslide. 100% reccomend this recipe for anyone who wants croissants. Fantastic!!

I've got. a lot to learn about this time-consuming recipe, but the first batch turned out great! I did substitute kosher salt for the sea salt called for, but that was the only change I made. I'll keep practicing.

These are so grand! I had to watch the video for the laminating (so very easy, just not easy to initially comprehend from instructions- that’s on me, not the instructions). They are so very very very flaky. And, I know you said we had to wait for them to cool. We just haven’t been able to wait yet. They smell soooo good coming out of the oven. Thanks for making this so easy and so incredibly good. Made exactly as written the first time. The second I had to adjust for 7000 ft  altitude (added 1 T water, reduced sugar by 1/2 T) because first batch was slightly dry dough, though they baked oh so well!

I love you chef john. they were so good

The Croissants are super! Some of the instructions of this recipe are unclear, an accompanying video with real instructions would be great. Using dark chocolate is also good for the recipe, they won't be as sweet, but I think that's a good change nowadays where most of our foods are loaded with calories. Shaping the croissants perfectly is kind of hard, so now don't look perfect, but I guess they taste just as well. I also left the rough in the fridge a day because it takes very long to make this recipe, but I guess that's fine too. 

Conclusion: Great Croissants!

