I think the key mistake in the recipe instructions is where it says to boil the potatoes for 2 minutes. After I read of the problems some were having with the baking time and the results being too dry, I tried boiling the potatoes for 20 minutes. This worked out fine!

The first time it didn't turn out the way i wanted but i changed it up and found the flavori I wanted.  I only used 2 onions and 1tbls of garlic and i broiled the potatoes to get the top golden brown.

It looks amazing and I can't wait to try it

Very delicious recipe and very easy to make, one of the easiest recipes i ever made and i do highly recommend it.

The recipe is fine - but the bake 10 to 12 minutes, which everybody swears by - is nonsense. Potatoes get neither tender nor brown. After a half dozen times trying, I’ve decided 30 - 40 minutes at 350 and then a few minutes under the broiler gives a much better dish.

Not really a good recipe for Lyonnaise potatoes, way too many adjustments needed to actually turn out correctly.

I’ve previously made Lyonnaise Potatoes but couldn’t find that awesome recipe and thought this sounded similar, so thought I’d give it a try. I made a couple of changes because a few things didn’t sound quite right. First, 4 onions seemed like way to much, so I only used 3 medium-sized ones, but even that was way too much. Then, 2 minute boiling time is definitely not right. I boiled until easily pierced with a fork, which ended up being 20 min.  I will not be making this recipe again but will hunt down my previous one because it was so much better.

I found that I had to bake this dish much longer than the stated time.  Perhaps my potatoes were sliced too thickly but they did not seem to be done until the dish had been in the oven about half an hour.

Creamy texture with a nice onion flavor

My mom made these in an electric skillet. She called them "pan potatoes " and would have been stunned to learn she was making Pommes Lyonnaise. I've made them Mom's way for about 40 years. Tried this way tonight. Good flavor but not as good as my mom's. Going back to the skillet.

I make this regularly with minor changes. I do not boil, I just put it all into a oven container lined with foil (easy cleanup) and a lid. The lid is important in my opinion to keeping the potatoes from drying out from the longer cooking time I use instead of boiling. I also use yukon golds or reds since they cook up much nicer.

