Pam, if you watch his video on this recipe it shows exactly how he does it and takes the mystery of the butter away.  We plan on making this with the added bonus of watching his video first.

I will pass this though out generations

It's apple picking season and I come back to this recipe every year!My family and friends love this Autumnal harbinger dish. This kicks off the Fall for us and helps us prepare for the long winter ahead. I add a dash of nutmeg and ginger to my sugar and butter but the recipe as it is, still comes out beautifully. For people who didn't get great results (like Pam), I would suggest watching the video and following him step by step as you prep, then watch again as you cook.I have used every manner of apple with this recipe and Granny Smith is best but Ginger gold is also delicious. Toss in a couple blueberries for some razzle-dazzle or  peaches, pears, asian-pears, strawberries or maybe if you feel fancy make some dumplings (balls of pastry).I love this easy make to dish and it makes my family happy. I tried it on a cruise ship in the fine dining restaurant once and suggested that the chef watch Chef John make it. Mine was 75 times better!!! lol

I followed the recipe but improvised a little bit  by doing a gluten-free crust. We were a bit worried because the crust was kind of falling apart a bit but we just stuck it on and stuck it in the oven and it baked and came out perfectly.

I had an 8" cast iron skillet. I used lots of butter (1/2 cube and 1 cup of sugar). The pie crust was two frozen crusts that I took out of the freezer that were very crumbly so I added water to the two crusts on a floured surface and rolled out and then tucked into the 8 inch pan as shown A++++.

A dusting of Turbinado sugar on top would be great!

Such a wonderful dessert for guests! And easy to make too!

OMG! This came out amazing. I used puff pastry instead of pie crust. It took about 20 minutes on my stove to caramelize but I didn’t lose faith and I didn’t rush things. I wish I could show you guys how pretty it looks. Like a photo from a cooking magazine or channel. Thank you Chef John. And beginners luck

This did not turn out well for me. Definitely user error. Will try it again.

Easier and cheaper than an apple pie plus a more sophisticated presentation

