I made this last night without the Dijon, which I don't like.  I used 4 egg yolks and 2 tablespoons of fresh lemon juice, along with the Louisiana hot sauce.  I did the 5 seconds in the blender, then slowly added the melted butter.  It was perfect, and exactly the right amount of lemon!  We used ours for dipping fresh artichokes and got rave reviews.

It's WAY better without the Dijon or Tobasco! Sharp mustard brings this classic, delicate sauce down several notches into so-so territory. (It's kind of like spoiling a deviled egg with Miracle Whip instead of good mayonnaise, or like killing a good apple pie by drowning it with cinnamon.) . I'm still giving it three stars because the method is still very good.

When you hear I want Eggs Benedict it sends you into an anxiety attack, this recipe makes it so simple that anxiety goes out the window.I made the basic version, egg yolk lemon juice, Dijon and butter. It is very very important that you heat the butter to 200° and add very very slowly into the yolk/lemon juice while blender is running.I will try with hot sauce and maybe add a bit of garlic 😋*To reheat the sauce, add it to a measuring cup and place it in the water after you poach the eggs (while toasting the muffin) stir frequently.

Wonderful, I made Hollandaise Sauce with my mother as a teenager but I was always afraid to try to make it alone as an adult and now I can.

Delicious and easy!

It worked like a charm.

Best and easiest way to make Hollandaise.  Butter must be boiling and  blender must be running when streaming in the hot melted butter.  You can not add butter all at once, or fail to blend while adding the butter or it will cook and curdle the egg yolk.  I omit the mustard and I like sprinkling a  bit of paprika on top.

Thank you for this quick, easy & delicious recipe!!  I made it this morning for our daughter's birthday breakfast, and she was thrilled. We all thought it was great.  I will definitely use this as my go-to from now on!

This is ridiculously simple and works surprisingly well. I use an immersion blender in a tall narrow container, and the only trick is to ensure that the butter is quite hot and you are blending the entire time you are slowly drizzling the butter in. If the butter isn't fairly hot, the egg will not thicken at all. Easy recipe to customize to  your family's taste. Today I served it on homemade crab cakes.

Very easy! We didn't have hot sauce or mustard, but it was still very tasty and so simple to make.

It tasted less like hollandaise and more like a Miracle whip. It was ok. Just not what we were expecting.

