Although this is not the simpliest of recipes, it definately the best so far. I served it to my wife without anything topping on it all, and she loved it. That was the proof that I was looking for in a good crepe. I believe the added eggs and the use of butter makes all the differnce. Be sure to follow the instructions and your will not be disappointed.

I have made many crepes with many different recipes and this one didn't work - the porportions were wrong

easy and perfect texture

Very light and nice. I have made these a hundred times and they are always the way I like them. Crepes I like are not sweet (this has a bit of sugar, does not make them sweet) but the toppings are what makes them stand out as sweet or savory. Make sure you cook the first side until brown edges, then flip. Use 1/4 c to scoop out batter and you will have 12 crepes.   Love this recipe.

Delicious! If you’re using large eggs with deep yolks I recommend only using 2. I used 3 large eggs the first time I made this and the crêpes had a bit of an omelette aroma and were leaning yellow; so I made this again with 2 large eggs instead of 3 and that solved that.

This recipe was as close as I could find to the recipe I remembered my French friend using and showing me years ago. She was a true french cook: threw everything in a bowl without measuring cups, just "about a cup of this, a couple eggs, cup and a half or so of milk, maybe some water, shake of salt, a little sugar...". My way of cooking for sure. This recipe came out quite close to what I remember her crepes being. I put in some vanilla to jazz it up, and used my biggest pan to twirl on. I would have liked to have gotten them a bit thinner, but next time I'll know. Very good and authentic crepes--thank you.

The video showed what appeared to be vanilla, but there is no mention of vanilla extract in the ingredients. Otherwise this recipe is very close to the one I've used for years (I've used 1 tsp extract - vanilla, almond, etc. depending upon filling).

Love it and totally recommend it.   Delicious and less greasy. This is a keeper.  Nutella in the inside and for decoration and lots of fruit(it feels like I’m eating healthy).  Thank you so much.💕

This is basically how I was taught by my mom to make crepes and she learned from my dads mom. They are from the island of Guernsey in the English Channel nut my dads side was French. The only thing different is my mom taught me the crepes had to be thinner than pictured, lacy like doilies. My grandma and mom always made alot of them. They were eaten with my grandmas recipe for French beef stew and doughboys (big round lumpy flour dumplings that were put in the stew. The plumped upon there and also helped thicken the stew.) Then with the remaining that weren’t used for dinner were used for dessert. My mom love butter and sprinkled sugar on hers I like raspberry preserves on mine. This gets made when ever I go to my kids homes to see my kids and grandkids. 1st request for me to make. Michelle (Barbe’) Fischer.

Love it ❤️ very simple. I used 2 non-stick pans to save time and didn't use any extra oil as butter was mixed in ingredients. Medium heat was perfect. I used 1/4 cup for each crepe and quickly angle the frying pan to have the flower mix spreading and even out  the whole pan. Photo was my French crepes breakfast, filled with fresh picked strawberries, homemade strawberries jam/syrup and PC chocolate syrup. YUMMY

I have made these twice. The first time, I piped sweet whipped cream into and onto them. The second time I filled them with buttery Carrboro rice and long grain white rice together and served on top of Philadelphia cream cheese and a bit of Smucker's marmalade to make a somewhat sweet, somewhat savory treat.

