With macarons, is always better to go by weight rather than by volume. So, the recipe made me a bit nervous. It still worked out very well but that doesn't mean it will work the same way for everyone. My amounts and yours may vary slightly and with macarons, slight variations can result in less than optimal results. A few key steps that always help: Grind up the almond flour in your food processor to make it as fine as you can get it to ensure a smooth macaron, beat egg whites until stiff but not dry, fold in the almond flour/confectioner's sugar mixture very well but do not over do it or it will be too liquidy and your macarons will come out very flat, spread too much and look like amoebas rather than nice and round. Good luck! These are worth it!

I've made this recipe several times and converted it to weight measurements for consistency as my chickens lay different sized eggs. They turn out great. Honestly, I think they are better than any I've had from French bakeries in the US or France. I like to flavor them with freeze-dried fruit powder, cocoa powder, peanut powder, or other ground nuts replacing part of the almond flour, and I fill with jam sometimes, but also other fillings like buttercream. I don't rest my egg whites overnight usually and it doesn't make any difference. Space them out, but they should not spread (only rise). The space is to ensure they bake evenly. Once piped, you can touch them with a wetted finger to flatten any peak that lingers for a prettier finished cookie. For those with macarons sticking to the parchment, this is normal. I have the middle of some of mine stick, and it pulls out some of the cookie insides to just pull them off so I treat them all like they're stuck. I've seen instructions for steaming the underside of the parchment to release them in a different source. I like a simpler approach: take a frosting spatula and run it under them to release once they are fully cooled. I think they definitely need to rest overnight in the fridge once filled to improve the chewy on the inside feature, and mine have stayed crunchy on the outside. A couple of hours results in cookies that are more crunchy, less chewy, in case that is your preference. This is a fun recipe for trying out variations. It's easy to half, double, or triple, but I usually keep it the same (or half it) and make more flavors.

I followed the instructions exactly and they turned out just like what you can get at a bakery

YuMmY

overall a great recipe! the only thing i changed was the note about keeping the oven slightly opened while baking. because the temp was relatively low, leaving the oven open let out too much heat, so they didn't fluff up until I had closed the door completely. this was also my first time making macarons and they turned out really well! I did a raspberry butter cream filling, which was really simple and yummy.

I have a convection oven so 15 minutes was not enough time to dry the cookies completely.  I put the trays back into the oven and turned off the oven to let the cookies come to room temp with the oven.  Next time I will also food process the almond flour to a finer flour.  Otherwise I am very happy with the results.  Used homemade blackberry jam cream cheese filling and Betty Crocker pink cupcake icing.   Recipe is worth trying again.

The sugar sort of caramelized, leaving the outsides crunchy.

Followed the directions and they came out great. Our homemade raspberry jam as filling made them amazing!

Tasted just like they do in stores but they stuck to the paper and we’re a lot flatter and less sturdy

I made no changes. I'm writing this review as they are baking, so I'm really scared to see if they will develop feet or not. I see so many Internet chefs making these without breaking a sweat, and they turn out wonderful. This, however, is my first time making macarons and I'm sort of terrible at piping, so all of them are different sizes. I think I'll put the bigger ones on the bottom. Thank you for submitting the recipe. It was very fun eating some of the batter from the pastry bag. I used a plastic bag instead

