This is a marvelous recipe!  I could put it on almost any food in my fridge!  I found the correct cream at Trader Joe's, an organic one, and my buttermilk was by Knudsen.  I was just going to make a half a batch but went for the whole thing.  Am I ever glad!  This is better than sour cream!  Creme Fraiche doesn't have the same holding power of sour cream as far as consistency goes, and it's not quite as sour.  But delicious it is!  I highly recommend that you try this!  Thank you, Chef John!

Super easy and tasty. I don't think I'll keep making it, though.

Ultra pasterized heavy whipping cream worked just fine with the requisite cultured buttermilk. Washed and sterilized a quart mason jar, letting it "air dry" to avoid contaminating. Shake the cream and pour in (1 pint = 2 cups) and shake the container of buttermilk and add the 3T. Covered with a clean new tea bag and elastic band. It's summer so plenty warm but I placed it into the water used to sterilize the jar (it was 110 degrees), it cooled quickly and then put it in my microwave overnight.  Checked it in the morning - it was already thick and gorgeous. Gave it a stir and a taste after 14 hours and it's perfection already. Going to pop into the fridge tonight following the 24 hour advise. Going to buy more cream to make another batch to use up the remaining buttermilk. So easy and is LITERALLY foolproof!

How do you use creme Fraîche from the last batch to make the new batch? This is the first time I made it and used ultrapasteurized whipping cream. It turned out great, nice and thick!! Thank you!

The first time I saw Crème Fraîche as an ingredient in a CJ recipe I thought there was no way I could afford to go get it every time he used it (because it is a lot!). However, this recipe is dead simple and ends up being a fraction of the cost at the grocery. The result is a very unique taste that adds a pleasant tang to any recipe you would use cream. I use a mason jar and leave a paper towel over the top and under the ring without the lid. Definitely a new cooking staple in my fridge. Thanks, Chef John!

We use Creme Fraiche for over 20 years in Sweden. We have even creme Fraiche with different flavors. Then I ‘ve move to US in 1999 and couldn’t find it in US.  I have asked my Supermarket and they finally brought it . Until then I have made my own recipe !

I had been hearing about “Crème Fraîche” for years, and like many, just skipping right on by and using whipped cream, whipping cream, sour cream, etc.. A few years ago I made this very recipe, mostly out of curiosity… sort-of a personal funny, ha-ha science project.WOW, was I delightfully surprised. My refrigerator has not been without Crème Fraîche ever since. It is so far and away so much better than any of its cousins; I love it. And it loves me.Right after it has made (right after that 24 hour wait), just before I give it a brisk shaking and refrigerate it, I usually add a tiny bit of simple syrup, but only because I have a bit of a sweet tooth. I have no problem using Crème Fraîche a-la natural without any sweetener. If you are used to sweetening whipped cream when whipping cream, you too will probably prefer sweetened Crème Fraîche as well.In any case, Crème Fraîche is way more healthy than any of it’s cousins (hey, it’s cultured… it has all those oh so good for your gut bacteria). I even use it in my bullet-proof coffee instead of cultured butter. I also use it to restore good gut bacteria while using, and especially after using, antibiotics.Don’t be like me and miss out on enjoying all the amazing benefits of this wonderful delicacy any longer…  try it!

I used dried Buttermilk and the culture became active when mixed with water, worked perfectly. I guess it acted like dried yeast for baking. Thanks again John...

I filtered the mix through a coffee filter in a funnel over a jar. That way I can control the viscosity from very thin to very thick. Same great taste.

I was trying to make cultured butter and made this on accident. I was searching the web to find out what the heck I made.

