This was a big hit. Yummy Yummy. I did have to change a few things around. I also ready from the person who originally wrote it that there was a type so pay attention to that. I had 2 very big boneless breasts that I cut thru the middle to make 4 thin pieces of chix. I don't really know the weight for the chicken I used. I did juice from one good size lemon and used only 1 1/2 cups of chix broth. When I made my cornstarch mixture...it was a good 4 teaspoons mixed with 4-5 teaspoons of water. I didn't bake anything. I just made the sauce. Seared the chicken. Than added sauce to chick pan and put on low with cover on until done. OH SO YUMMY!!!!

If you are going to make it easy then, saute chicken on one side until it starts to turn golden around the edges then flip over ann your chicken stock, wine and lemon SLICES, not juice and simmer until it is done. Plate the chicken and swirl in whole butter, that will give the sauce a nice sheen and a thickener, nape the sauce over the chicken and then garnish with parsley..SEE one pan, easy!

Bland and still somehow bitter. Won't make this again.

I followed this recipe as written with the exception of using chicken thighs instead of chicken breasts, just because I like dark meat better and don't buy white meat. The recipe was good and the nice part was that I could leave it in the oven on warm for quite a while and it was still moist. I do agree with some of the other reviews that the cornstarch was not quite enough to thicken it. I used a slurry of flour and water to thicken it just a slight bit more. Also four eggs is overkill I think two would be fine.

If you add a thickener to a liquid, it should come to a boil then reduce heat to make it thicken.  This was good, but I agree about the one pan ideas.

Something went wrong!  The cornstarch and water did nothing to thicken the sauce bubbling in my saucepan. Even giving it more time and adding a little more cornstarch paste, it was like pouring water over the browned chicken breasts. Very disappointing. Will toss recipe.

The original poster likely had this baked in an attractive buffet dish for serving guests. For family meal finishing all in skillet works. Personally, I do not measure dredging ingredients, I’d begin .with one jumbo egg!The cornstarch slurry can be omitted as the flour on the chicken will help thicken the sauce and I cut down the sauce ingredients to 1/2 of each the broth, wine, juice & butter. Too much liquid makes for a poached texture which I do not care for. This is also great served with a rice pilaf and steamed or roasted green vegetables.

Added chicken back to the skillet in the sauce and covered on low to finish and then added fresh spinach. Served with roasted new potatoes and sugar snap peas.

I rarely thicken with corn starch as it breaks down if you have left overs. Instead, try Rice flour! It holds up better than corn starch or a flour thickener. Have to say my husband and I eat a LOT of chicken and this recipe will be added to our repertoire!

This was easy and excellent! I used 3 thin, boneless breasts, so I halved the eggs (used 2 not 4), broth, wine and lemon juice. Next time, I will only bake them for 10 minutes, not 15.

Came out delicious.  Added lemon slices for presentation.

