I like this recipe, but  I have had some problems with this recipe in that the eggs aren't done enough or they are too tough.  To solve this problem and make them perfect I first set the ramekin with the butter and cream only in simmering water.  When the cream is hot, I break the eggs into it and put just a little cream on top of the eggs with the cheese.  Then I place in the oven.  This process helps to cook the eggs evenly and gets them just right.  Hope this helps anyone who has had the same problem I've had.

I had high hopes for this recipe, but was very disappointed. Even though I baked the eggs for longer than suggested, they still came out undercooked and watery. My husband, who loves eggs, did not care for these. I will not be making this again. Sorry.

oooo Very good!   I am bummed I cracked one yolk but it still came out nice.   My toaster oven (Breville) is rather warm so I didn't need the whole 12-15 minutes.

Easy & yummy

Great flavor, but extremely rich.

We loved it.  My husband doesn't care for eggs usually, but we are fasting with our church and chose to eliminate all meats, but eggs and fish.  He loved it so much that I had to remake the next week.  This is a keeper for sure and it is super easy. 
  I added some smoked salmon before putting the eggs in.  That totally kicked it up a notch.  We don't have ramekins, but I used small glass bowls.   I did have to increase the temp and cooking time, probably due to the larger sized bowls.

Sunday was my birthday and I have heard of shirred eggs for years but never tried them.  They sounded like something elegant that I should treat myself to for lasting another year.  I used a 4 oz. French White original corning ware ramekin so I only used one egg.  I followed all of the other ingredients and measurements exactly.  It was delicious and I hope to make it again in the near future.  I do recommend it, especially if you have never had shirred eggs.

The timing or heat level is off for this recipe. The flavor on the cooked parts was wonderful though so with an adjustment I'd say is could be a real win.

15-17 minutes

Perfect!  I did bake in muffin tin (1 egg in each muffin cup).  Cream on the bottom, warm up in oven for a minute and then add eggs, etc. Baked for 15 minutes and let sit for a couple.  Just perfect!!  Thank you.

This recipe is now my go to  for an easy weekend egg breakfast.

