Hi! Recipe creator/contributor here.  Thanks for trying the onion soup and for all the thoughtful reviews.  Just a couple of comments I thought might be helpful.  
The 1 teaspoon of salt in the beginning of the recipe cannot be omitted as it is necessary for the proper caramelization of the onions.  However, at the conclusion of the simmering process, please be sure to taste the soup before deciding to add any more salt (or pepper).  
Also, the addition of balsamic vinegar at the end is very important--not only for taste--but also because there's a chemical in red onions that tends to turn the soup gray and cloudy, and the balsamic vinegar corrects that.  
Lastly, while my broiler does take 4-5 minutes to melt the cheese properly, that's probably because I place the baking sheet on a lower rack.  Yours may take less time.  
Well, thanks again for all your kind comments... and, enjoy!

This recipe is a close spin on the 1999 cooksillustrated.com / America's Test Kitchen French Onion Soup Gratinee recipe, and could use a little less butter (about half) and less red wine. (For a more subtle and sophisticated version, replace the red wine with 1/4 c. sherry.) The sweet  onions make the soup a little too sweet - better to stick solely with about 4 lbs. red or yellow onions.  ATK omits the Worcestershire and the paprika as well. Also, better to let the dish rest a few minutes out of the broiler - it's too hot to serve immediately.

Too sweet for my personal taste

This was good but still felt it was just a hint off from what I was looking for. That being said husband thought it was spot on. Caramelized onions about 10 min longer to get color I wanted.  Store was out of fresh thyme so I had to use dried. It’s a Good soup.

Been on this app for years and never written a review until now. I felt I had to. I tried this recipe based on the over 1800 reviews that stated it was amazing, best soup ever, etc. The reviewers stated to make this EXACTLY how it's written. So I did. My 18 year old took a spoonful or two and wouldn't eat any more. My husband said "Eh, it's okay". I couldn't eat it. French Onion Soup should have a deep, rich flavor. It's supposed to be more of a "meal in a bowl" than a "soup". So I tried again. First of all, NO chicken stock. I'm not making chicken soup, again I want a deep rich flavor, so I used 6 cups of beef stock. The red onions are also a miss. I used yellow onions only, more flavorful. No red wine, it made it tasteless. I used sherry this time, again for more flavor, may use a cognac/white wine mix next time a la Julia Child. And definitely no vinegar. I think perhaps she added vinegar because of the lack of flavor in the red onions. Didn't add the parsley either, wrong herb for this recipe in my opinion. I have a newer double oven too, so if you do, don't put the bread under the broiler for 3 minutes, it will burn and smell. I only broiled for a minute/minute and a half, same with at the end, only 3 minutes for the cheese to melt. This time it was MUCH better. Deeper flavor, very rich, something you would eat on a cold day to warm you up on the inside. This is how I prefer French Onion Soup, others may want it different. But I wanted to give some helpful advice.

I followed the recipe and it was delicious. Wasn’t hard to make and the extra time it took was totally worth it.

I cried my eyes (slicing onions) but it was worth every tear.  I followed the recipe until almost the end.  It did not need anymore salt.  Only used Gruyère cheese because that’s what I had.  Also used a torch to melt the cheese instead of turning on the oven.  Delicious!

Always delicious! I have been making this recipe for years. The fam loves it, and I keep it in the fridge for a quick, tasty lunch or a snack to hold one over until dinner. I use sliced Italian bread with Swiss cheese and toast up the whole loaf. I keep the cheesy bread in a plastic bag, and when someone wants to eat, they heat some soup in the microwave and pour it over a slice of bread. The soup heats the previously toasted bread and the cheese. Perfect!

Slicing and Carmalizing the onions is very time consuming but it is worth the effort!

My husband really loved this recipe.. took longer than I thought but i'm not as experienced as others on here.. I did follow the directions but did add more butter for the caramelizing of the onions. Highly recommend.

I made this soup this afternoon for my wife and I.  Followed recipe exactly and only added a quarter teaspoon of salt.  Made six 12 oz servings.  We love it and am saving the recipe.

