I didn't find these took much time at all! There aren't a lot of ingredients to assemble and when you beat on high it only takes a few minutes to get a good meringue, and the piping was really easy too...I don't have a pastry bag so i just cut a corner out a zip-lock and used that, and it worked fine. The only real comment I have is that this recipe makes a lot of merigue. I guess you could make the mushrooms a lot bigger than life sized, but i'd say you could probably halve it and still get 36.

I'm sorry, but even when I went over the tops of the caps with a wet finger my mushrooms turned out horribly uneven. I even started them without the tips on top! I even watched the Martha Stewart episode on making meringue mushrooms! Any suggestions? I thought this was going to be a fairly easy task but it turned into a horrible mess.

Cute, easy, tasty!

👍👍 They look and taste great!!

I made these and took them to a Halloween party. I had people not try them at first because they thought they were real mushrooms! They looked (and tasted) soooo good!

I made these for my yule log.  People thought that they were real mushrooms.  Easy peasy!  I would only note that the rosemary I used as a garnish infused the meringue a bit but they still tasted great!

Wow! First time and they came out fantastic! Can’t wait to decorate my Buche de Noel! Perfect recipe!

I followed the recipe almost exactly and got very good results.  The only change I made was leaving them in the oven an extra 15 minutes and then letting them sit in the oven as it cooled down.   
I have very limited experience with a pastry bag, but I was able to pull this off.

This is such a cool recipe! So realistic and yummy. My family loved them. I'm making a second batch right now! Didn't make any changes, the recipe is just right!

These are a delicious treat! Great for gifting in produce baskets or to adorn a woodland cake.

It stayed in the exact shape I piped it, no settling or growing, even after I shaped some with a wet finger.

Also I used white chocolate just stick the caps and stems together, as white gills were mostly what I saw on Google images.

Thanks for the great recipe and idea! I'll definitely be making them again.

Will definitely make this again! Super cute, not difficult, and fun to assemble!

