This cake received applause at our Christmas dinner.  And, it should have.  After all, my mother and I had to make it twice.  Let me explain.  You MUST BEAT the egg yolks and sugar until they are very pale.  For all of you Texas Aggies out there, BTHO the egg yolks.  Let the electric mixer run at the highest speed for at least 5 minutes.  Because this cake contains no rising agents like baking powder or yeast, its "fluffy-ness" depends upon the amount of air that you "BEAT" into it - hence the stiff egg whites and the pulverized egg yolks. 

We decorated the cake with whipping cream and homemade mushrooms (hershey kisses and small marshmallows on toothpicks - with red gel polka dots).

Like a chocolate omelete with whipped cream. This recipe was identical to a recipe in one of my cook books except the flour was missing in this one....wanted to try with all the good reviews...But this was NOT what I hoped.

This was terrible. I don't like making bad reviews but this was terrible. I followed every step to the tee and well when I started actually baking it, the cake itself was still wet and one side was bubbling, I made sure to have the temp at 375°F and yet it was still wet and one side was burnt :(

I had never made a Buche de Noel before, and this was pretty tasty! For me, it was too much dark chocolate, but my husband and a few others who are chocolate fanatics just loved it, so it was a success at Christmas! I used some Rosemary sprigs along the "logs" (I made 2) as a decoration and it looked very festive. I felt they stuck to the parchment paper, and it did not turn out even like the video. I have made other rolls before (pumpkin roll), and it's always turned out even. The eggs seemed to make it rise out of control! When it settled back down, it was better, but not even all over. I will try this again, because it's challenging and tasted very good!

First time making a log cake.  My cake did not rise as thick as the video.  Not sure what I would do differently.  As a result I had way too much filling but in the end it was a yummy mess!

I wont be making this again. Like fluff air no flavor

This is less of a cake and more of a thin piece of bread covered in pudding. I've made many Yule Logs throughout the years using different recipes, but I will not be using this one again. The cake itself is incredibly thin, with little flavor, and the filling far too runny. It's still servable, but I definitely wouldn't recommend it.Not trying to make this review overly harsh, but let me put it this way- in my almost ten years of being an avid baker, this is the first time I've been compelled to write a bad review.

I tried this for a gluten free friend and made a flour one for the rest of us…hands down this is THE BEST I’ve ever made. So much so that we are invited to a holiday party each year with the caveat that I have to bring this.

I love it this the best recipe for Bûche de Noêl

This tasted wonderful!  My nieces gobbled it right up!
I did have problems with the cake cracking and my fingers gouged the cake while I was transferring it to a platter.  Not sure what the cure for this is but I was able to roll the imperfections to the bottom/sides and then I sprinkled the top with shaved chocolate and powdered sugar.  No one was the wiser and it looked beautiful plated and of course tasted wonderful - not too sweet.  Next time, I will try baking it longer (the center was very poufed), and possibly letting it cool a bit longer before inverting.  Another option is to roll it loosely instead.  I rolled it kind of tight and immediately after taking it from the oven.

I made the buche with 1 less yolk (6 egg whites + 5 yolks), added 1 tbsp of organic tapioca flour for a softer, easier to roll/unroll/ re-roll cake. Also substituted the sugar with 1/4 cup full monk fruit sweetener. Made and served partly on Christmas day, still soft and yummy 5 days later.

