Good recipe and I prefer the corn starch to flour.  I have made this with 3 whole eggs as well--lighter texture, kind of dull in color.  I have a good tip--when the pastry cream is warm, put it through a mesh strainer and you will not have any lumps.  Works every time.  I put almost every type of custard through my strainer.

I can't believe I fell for this recipe twice. The first time I made it, it ruined my son's, the second time my daughter's birthday cake. I was really disappointed by the "cream". It is not a cream at all, rather like a Jello Cook'n Serve pudding custard, by no means anything you would like to put in or on a cake or pastry. Once cooled, it cannot be spread without ripping the cake or pastry into pieces. Even the ingredients (milk, corn starch, sugar, vanilla, the egg and butter don't add anything to the texture) are almost identical to the Jello custard, which is prepared with far less effort. So, if custard or "pudding" is what you want, save the time and use Jello instead of this recipe.

Easy to make and nice results

Easy to make, just stir a lot, and it comes out great!  I made it with lactose free whole milk.  I used it to fill cannoli shells and my husband LOVED it!!

used whole milk and tripled the recipe. i sifted the corn starch and sugar together before stirring into the pre-stirred/fork whipped yolks/eggs.used a glass measuring cup to scoop some of the boiling milk, to slowly whisk into the egg/sugar mixture. poured it slowly back into the hot milk while continuously whisking. Thickened rapidly, and was very smooth! perfect for the sheet cake i am going to tort and fill!

My trick for this recipe is to enlist another family member to pour a thread of the hot milk into the "vortex" of the egg mixture that I am mixing very quickly. My daughter uses a ladle. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to do it, it's like patting your head and rubbing your stomach. Perfect every time.

If you follow this recipe exactly, you will have the most perfect, delicious filling. I made it for a Boston Cream Pie Trifle.

Very good basic Pastry cream. Simple yet effective. THANKS!

perfect

i followed the recipe and came out perfect and super delicious

This is a really good, easy recipe. I love the taste, just not as thick as I would like but maybe I did something wrong. The trickiest part is the last few moments when the mixture boils, move quickly, stirring constantly, and have all your ingredients ready before you begin, like others have stated.

