Updated review:  I made this recipe again tonight.  This time I used a combination of crushed corn flakes and italian bread crumbs.  I again used munster cheese instead of swiss.  I decided to try the gravy and it was good, but I don't think it's necessary as the chicken tastes great alone.

Original review: My husband says this is the best new recipe that I've ever made, and he's hard to please.  

I did things slightly different for personal preferences.  First of all, I used Italian bread crumbs instead of Corn Flake crumbs because that's all I had in the house.  I used munster cheese instead of swiss becuase neither of us like Swiss.  And I didn't make the gravy, because my husband isn't a gravy person.  

These were so simple to make, took little time and turned out wonderfully.  The first time I made this it came out too dry, so I adjusted my cooking temperature the next time to 350, for 30 minutes, and it worked fine.  I will definately make this again!

I did not care for the cornflake coating and the inside was dry.

I’m making this tonight and wonder if I can use unsalted crackers instead of any other breading. Do I need to adjust cook time or temperature doing that?

Absolutely loved it! Here was my variation that I think nailed it! First I used Italian bread crumbs. But the sauce is where I leveled up. I use half as much soup as was suggested, a little more sour cream than was suggested... More lemon than what suggested I included lemon zest... But the real kicker was I also added half a cup of Dijon mustard. Everyone loved every bit of it!

It tasted great. I did not have cereal so I used a chicken  batter mix. It turned out, its a spicy mix but it was good.

The recipe is interesting and feels good in the preparation and the use of ingredients. Thank you very much for submitting. I rolled up the chicken like a jelly roll with ham and cheese slices laid out on the pounded chicken, maybe next time I'll make a center roll of ham and cheese.  I read the sauce and crumb comments. Every cook and kitchen has their preferences, right? This is French Country cooking,  not Haute Cuisine.

Made these many times.  The rolls are a hit, but the sauce is just ok.  Despite the sour cream and lemon juice (which I've tried doubling and it's a little better), it still just tastes like cheap, canned cream of chicken soup, and the texture isn't great. Now I use just packets of Knorr Hollandaise sauce, prepare according to package directions, and use in place of the sauce.  Just as easy to make, and WAY better in my opinion.  Make plenty of Hollandaise and serve with asparagus.

So easy. So yummy!Next time I'll add a bit more lemon juice to the sauce.

I used chicken thighs, did not use the sauce and cooked it another 5 minutes.  This is really good.

This was excellent. We had a friend coming over who can’t eat gluten so this was great because it uses cornflakes instead of panko/breadcrumbs. I used Jarlsberg Swiss cheese and yes, it did leak out a bit because I wasn’t adept enough to get all the ends tucked in tight, but it still tasted great. Will definitely make again even when gluten isn’t a factor.

Made us last night everyone enjoyed it this is one recipe I will not forget to make loved it but forgot take a picture next time

