The first time i made i did exactly what the recipe said. The next time i used Rosemary (which i prefer) instead of thyme. Tonight I toned down the salt and used some garlic salt instead, Ohh it was soooo good. I defiantly recommend these

I fear it may have been user-error, but when I made these they turned out good, but certainly not great considering the amount of work and clean-up.  I went back over the instructions and believe that I did all that was required, so I'm not sure where I went wrong.

awesome!

I tried these potatoes last night, soooo delicious! I baked mine in a cast iron pan, turned out crispy and tender. Definitely putting this recipe into my book to make again and again. Thank you!

Even though I was a little aggressive on the browning of one side. They were awesome. I did add a couple of clove of garlic and because I had fresh sage and not thyme, I did some substitution. Bottom line I will definately be experimenting with this again. The different textures from the exterior to the soft insides were great.

This is my go-to recipe for potatoes fondant. I add whole garlic cloves before putting it in the oven, because garlic.

Excellent. I added 5-6 cloves of garlic once I seared the potatoes and let them roast with the potatoes and stock. Not a regret. Finished them with a sprinkle of parmigiana and flaky salt

Fantastic! My husband now wants me to repeat them often! Thank you Chef John!

I stuck to the timings and most of the recipe and to trumpet blow my first attempt at fondant potatoes were fabulesso

These are amazing! My family loves them with garlic, so with trying...

I never heard of fondant potatoes before seeing this video and now these are a staple in my house.  I make them all the thyme (see what i did there) and my family loves them.  I follow the recipe faithfully, but I do try to select thin russets similar in size and avoid the really thick ones to get the best consistency.  I also usually have a little stock left in the pan and i drizzle that over when serving.  Wonderful recipe!!!

