I had never made crepes before, but thought, "how hard could it be?"  Well, it does take a little practice.  The first few attempts were "practice crepes"!  You need the right sized pan, and it should be nonstick, for ease of turning.  A tiny bit of Pam sprayed on the pan ensures that they don't stick, and worked better for me than oil or butter.  I kept trying to turn the crepe to soon, and it would fall apart.  Go ahead and let it cook until it looks completely cooked before you flip it, and then it only has to cook for just a bit on the other side.  I also found a fairly low heat works best - around 2 on my particular stove.  We fill these with a mixture of warm sweetened cottage cheese and cream cheese flavored with a bit of vanilla, and then top with either a fresh fruit sauce or canned fruit filling.  Cottage cheese gets very watery when warmed, so you either need to strain it before mixing with the other ingredients, or use dry curd cottage cheese.  We have also slathered Nutella on the crepe, filled with sliced bananas, and topped with slivered almonds and whipped cream.

This was a great, easy recipe...I just think it was a bit too eggy for me.

These are delicious and easy to make.  They are now a frequent request from my children.

I don’t know how you got my Dutch Master Grandmother’s recipe for crepes, but you mastered it!!One caviet, she would dump the ingredients into a Mason jar, shake the Dickens out of it and put it into the fridge overnight before cooking the crepes. I’m 78 and had forgotten the ratios, they were most important to her  and I now remember, thank you so very much!❤️

Amazing and extremely simple 😆

AMAZING RECIPE! Use as directed and add 1 teaspoon of Vanilla for a little extra flare! Love these comforting crepes with whipped cream, bananas strawberrries powdered sugar and chocolate chips!

So simple and delicious!

I didn't have any problems making these - they were on the eggy side but great and easy to make. I filled them with Nutella and my 7 year old (who helped me make the crepes) went nuts over it. I prefer butter over Pam. It wasn't as good as Paris, but these are pretty good!

all i can say is yummmmmmmmm

Bon appétit!

Perfect! I make mine a bit thicker than most people because I’m not that coordinated when flipping. For me they made about 8 medium sized crepes. I didn’t modify the recipe at all. Yes, they taste egg-y. I thought that was the way crepes are supposed to be. I use a tiny bit of butter (about a quarter of a pat) in a good Teflon pan at a low temp. You can just fill them with a thin coating of a good quality jam or jelly and they are great. I used seedless blackberry and have used lemon curd in the past.

