This is very close to a recipe I have been using for the past 30 years or so.  The only changes/suggestions that I would make are to add a tablespoon of Worchester Sauce and use all butter instead of the olive oil. Make sure that you saute the onions well. (Also, make sure that you slice the onions into fairly wide slices, about 1/2-3/4" wide.)  You don't want them burnt, but you do want them browned.  I use Campbell's Double-Rich Beef Consumme and 1/4 cup of Sherry.    For the cheese, I put a tablespoon of FRESH shredded Parmesan cheese on the bottom of the bowl, then ladle on the soup, then top with a large homemade crouton, then the swiss cheese, and another tablespoon of the fresh Parmesan.    For the croutons, take a large wine-glass and press into a slice of thick bread to get the perfect circle for your soup bowl.  Spread with butter and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese.  Put in the oven at 250 for about 1/2 hour or until they are dried and crisp.

As written, I can only give this a three star. It is a basic onion soup recipe that is tasty, but lacks the full-bodied flavor of great onion soup. If you do not carmalize your onions, the soup does not have the sweet flavor of a good onion soup. To carmelize you need to saute at a low heat and be very patient. It typically takes me about an hour to carmelize the 4 cups of onion. Also, cut the fat in this recipe if you are going to try it. No need to fill this recipe with about 150 grams of fat as written. Use just enough fat to keep your onions from burning.

Could eat this straight out of the pot. With bread and cheese it is great.

It turned out soooo good. We will make it again for sure!

Easy to make but with an amazing flavor!  Love it a lot!!

made my own stock with beef bones and doubled the sherry wow and i had enough stock for 2 more batches

Very good. Simple. Two things to note though. (1) The onions took longer to caramelize than I anticipated and (2) I doubled the recipe. The butter however does not need to be doubled. 1.5x would probably be enough.

Use less thyme-strong. Try kitchen bouquet for more flavor. Cheese combo was good!

Outstanding!  Definitely add a tablespoon or two of Worcestershire to the recipe!👍🏻

I made this because of all the good reviews. It is edible, but not great. Those who gave it 5 stars must have never had good French onion soup. There is waaayyy too much butter and it came out bland. The broth was gray in the end, not a nice golden brown. Find a different recipe if you enjoy your soup being flavorful.

Husband loved it!  He orders this at Panera so now we can save our money and eat at home 👍🏼😃

