There are two types of meringue; soft and hard.  The difference between the two is the amount of sugar added to the egg whites.  Soft meringue is made with only a small amount of sugar and is used as a topping for pies and cakes. The more sugar in the recipe the crisper the cookie will be.  If you cut too far back on the sugar the cookies will be more like marshmallows.  Hope this helps clear up the sugar debate.

I really don't like giving poor ratings and reviews, but I felt like I needed to give a heads-up to people who might be considering using this recipe.  I don't understand all the great reviews and wonderful results people supposedly got with this recipe.  My meringue NEVER got past the stage where it looked like melted marshmallow creme.  I let it whip in my Kitchenaid for about 15 minutes and watched it the entire time, so I know I didn't "over-beat" it.  I added the sugar about 2 Tbs at a time, letting each addition fully blend in before adding more.  There was no way I could pipe this into anything but a puddle on the baking sheet, so I ended up using the "Peppermint Meringues" recipe instead, omitting the crushed candy canes.  That recipe has cream of tartar in it, which I think really is necessary for getting the meringue nice and stiff (every lemon meringue pie recipe I've ever made called for cream of tartar in the meringue).

The merengue does not get thick enough to pipe. The recipe is a fail

This recipe took a few tries before I got it to work but now I use it all the time.  There are a few tricks that help.  The eggs whip best when they are at room temperature. It's really a North American thing to put eggs in the fridge but it's not necessary. I also found that the flavour extract I use makes a difference. Anything with propylene glycol works great but alcohol is terrible. Also, the sugar should not be added until the eggs start to become stiff. Those are my extra hints. Hope it helps.

This was a great recipe, but here's a word of caution: you don't have enough patience to whip the egg whites with a hand mixer. Use your KitchenAid stand mixer instead. I tried both varieties and spent way more time than I should have when I used the hand mixer. Contrary to some of the comments, cream of tartar isn't necessary (but a stand mixer is).

This recipe's instructions were very vague and I wasted time and ingredients. If you just read the instructions, you wind up with a soupy mess. I followed a member's advise and put 1 tsp of vanilla and 1.5 cups of powdered sugar. I left in for 2.5 hours at 185 degrees. The cookies were flat, but crisp. They did not look like the pretty puffs pictured. After surfing the internet, I read real instructions.

I've never made meringues before. After reading other reviews, I traded ¼C sugar for ¼C raspberry jello powder.  They turned out perfect! I made them into little cups to put a dollop of lemon flavored whipped cream in them. What a big hit! Thank you!
I tried to add a pic, but my camera won't take one that's only 2mp.

It was really good but it certainly did not need 3 hours to bake more like 2 and a half to 2 hours.

Those globs were amazing! Even though they were a little too bouncy, I highly reccommend those. If your a person that loves sugar and globs. Its the perfect recipe for you. And also dont try this if your under 12 year old because your blood pressure is not high enough for these globs. I tryed them to my son and he died 5min later. #RIP.

I have been trying to perfect a merinque for years!  This is the first recipe that really works.  Thank you so much for posting it

My daughter made this. Amazing!

