I have been doing this for years as a motorhome tour leader.  Two suggestions; first, use only heavy-duty quart-size freezer bags. Cheaper bags will open up and ruin the omelet. Second, use a straw to suck all the air out of the bag after mixing the ingredients or just lay the bag against a sharp corner of a table with the egg mixture below the edge and the top of the bag flat on the table top. Press out the air and seal. Use whatever ingredients you like but crumbled bacon or sausage is my favorite. If you do a three-egg omelet, increase the cooking time to 15 minutes.

I just finished doing 2 of these omelets.  Both of the bags broke in the boiling water.  I used good quality zip lock bags and ended up with a watery mess!!

Very easy and clean up a breeze only plateyou eat on We loved it No fat involved

I used stop and shop aka store brand quart freezer bag added lots of diced fresh mushrooms, red peppers, jalapeños, shredded cheese, seasoning and I diced a half of a chicken sausage patty. Added all that to 3 eggs and boiled for 15 mins. It was yummy and the cheese was gooey. It doesn’t look very appealing so I wouldn’t make it for guests but it taste really good.

The process of making the omelet was easily, it wasn't too hard. It had easy steps and the cooking process went fairly easy. In my opinion, I believe it is a good small dish that can be used for teaching.

I loved this recipe. I used 2 eggs and 1 egg white, feta and bagged spinach that I froze before going bad. I used more of a fry/sauce pan about 12 inches wide and 3 inches deep and put the bag in when the water was hot prior to boiling. Also makes for easy egg bites as I sliced them up.

This was one of the most delicious omelets! I filled a freezer bag full of eggs (2), mushrooms, onions, peppers and shredded cheese. Closed the bag, scrambled it up by squeezing the bag (you get the idea), placed in the boiling water for 13 minutes and VOILA! I had the most perfect moist omelet without the hassle you would get from making an omelet in a pan!

They were delicious!!! Will make them again.  The only downside was if you a lot of ingredients it takes longer to cook.

I have made this several times with Scouts and Sea Cadets. The kids love it! We set the ingredients out in bowls and they make a line; bag with their name in sharpie on it, one or two eggs, then they add the ingredients to their liking carefully squeeze out the air, moosh it all up, then drop them in a huge pot of boiling water.

The big key is make sure you use FREEZER BAGS. Regular bags do not cut it. The sharpie is important to mark names. It keeps the confusion and heartache down.

So easy, anything you want, toss it on in there! I did cook mine about 3 minutes longer.

no  changes needed was amazing

