I made half a batch of this (I was almost out of red wine vinegar), but otherwise I followed the recipe as written.  I really liked this, but of course I would because it had lemon in it!  If this is too lemony or acidic for you, you could easily add a teaspoon of honey or sugar to it.  I think this would be a good spread on a sandwich as well as on a salad.  So for me, this was thumbs up!  Thanks, lukeder101!

This is super tart.   i just made it to dress lettuce fresh from the garden, so I don't have a whole bunch of ingredients in my salad.  I ended up adding an unknown quantity of honey to it, which I noted another poster did as well.  As I was adding the dijon, my spidey senses were telling me not to use s o much, so next time I think I will try less mustard

Perfect!My new go to!

I have made this several times. No fail. There is not a dressing you can buy that compares. Yumm!

Sorry, this was way too tart.  I ended up using two salad dressings on my salad because it was too tart alone.

Loved it with the feta cheese and black olives in the salad

Yes, this dressing is tart but it's delicious as is.

No more store bought artificial salad dressing. Good for life on this one.

The vinaigrette came out pretty good.  I added a little extra lemon juice, oregano, salt and pepper to the recipe though.  I felt it just needed slightly more seasoning.  I also was forced to use a strange Dijon from Trader Joe's that was very grainy like an unfiltered mustard or something.  It came out pretty good, but I think it would be better with a normal Dijon.  I'm also wondering why the recipe doesn't call for "WHITE Wine Vinegar" vs. "RED Wine Vinegar", seems kinda weird, but again it was pretty good.  I think I will try WHITE wine vinegar next time instead though.

Simple and delicious.  I use a small clove of garlic so as not to be too strong.

We liked it. Left out the oregano because I forgot it even though I have a potful of it outside. I added a bit more lemon juice & some Stevia because I wanted some sweetness to offset the acidic vinegar & lemon juice.

