A very nice baguette recipe.  The dough was much looser (wetter) than I remember from culinary school, but it turned out great.  I doubled the yeast to half a teaspoon and got a nice rise in about 7 hours - still plenty of time to develop great flavor. I like the kind of baguette you almost break your teeth on with a thick hard crust - this recipe won't give you that but it's the best you'll get from a home oven.  Still a crisp and satisfying crust.  Don't trust any recipe with an egg wash if you want that crisp crust!
Helpful Tip:  If you don't have a silpat silicone sheet you can do what I did and nest one sheet pan inside another equal sized pan, and this will insulate against over-browning (aka burning) on the bottom of the loaf.  Parchment paper is always your friend.  Otherwise an excellent recipe from Chef John.  Don't forget your imported french butter!

In the video chef John says to weigh ingredients but gives no amounts. In the actual recipe the amounts are given but the flour quantity is incorrect . It was way too dry before it got to 4 cups. It should only read 3 cups. Otherwise they tasted great!

Followed this recipe to step by step… Although like come of the comments I only got 3 1/2 cups of flour in BUT it’s absolutely perfect ❤️, Just don’t be a idiot like me and use a glass baking pan then run out of water 🤨🤨🤨 it cracked and in the trash

I have been on a Chef John recipe roll lately.  After making my own pita bread, I was excited to try out the baguette recipe, but something went wrong and I am not sure what?!I followed the recipe PRECISELY, even measuring the ingredients out by weight as recommended by Chef John's video.   I used the measurements given on his blog, where he also posted the recipe.After 10 minutes of stirring with a wooden spoon, my dough was still VERY thin and wet, so I kept going for another 10 minutes.  Eventually I gave in and added more flour, stirred some more, added more flour, stirred some more, added more flour, etc.As you can imagine, my arms got very tired, and my neck was also strained.  It was way past my bedtime and I couldn't stir anymore, so I just gave up and threw what I had in the oven to rise and hoped for the best.When I checked out the dough 12 or so hours later, it did look bubbly!  But man was it still very sticky/wet.  So much so that I couldn't even roll it into a baguette without adding even more flour!!!  I am so confused at how so many folks said their dough was dry?!Well unfortunately, I am not rich, nor am I a stay at home mom, so I had to get to work.  Feeling frustrated and sticky-fingered, I shaped the dough into 2 giant blobs versus 4 rolls.When it was time to cook, I forgot to spray the rolls.  I think they came out somewhat edible though, a bit salty, because I did add more salt during the process of adding more flour, assuming that it would need it.I will definitely give this another go at a later date when my arms have recovered, lol!  The good news is that Chef John's ricotta cheese (highly recommended recipe) tastes excellent on the bread and kind of covers up how poorly it turned out.

I am more of an entree and side dish cook but have been experimenting with baked goods lately.  I made Chef John's pita bread a few weeks ago that turned out well.  I decided to make his bay scallops with garlic butter parsley that calls for slices of bread.  I came across this recipe and decided to try it.  OMG.  I made the dough on Saturday around 2pm and then let it sit until about noon on Sunday.  I made two regular sized baguettes.  The only thing I did differently was bake it four times at six minutes each.  Actually, the last cook was eight minutes based upon visual appearance.  I let it cool before cutting (that was hard) and it was delicious.  Crunchy exterior and soft interior.  One of the best I have ever had.  High end restaurant quality.  Thank you, Chef!10/1/23 Update...I made this again for French Onion soup.  Totally delicious.  I made two loaves and one was almost gone before I used it in the soup.

Very good.

This is a great recipe and makes high quality French baguettes, but there are some flaws.  For starters, 4 cups of flour is just too much.  I noticed e dough was very thick and they came out a little dense.  I would suggest limiting the amount used to 3 or 3 1/2 cups.  As for the time, this recipe is a full day commitment.  12-14 rising time is ridiculous.  Doubling the yeast to 1/2 teaspoon would limit the rising time to a more appropriate 7-9 hours.

Great recipe, although I made a couple adjustments. I almost doubled the & yeast and I added 1/2 cup more flour. Turned out great!

Perfect by the directions!

Turned out great!

I used the exact ingredients, And I follow this recipe to a T. The dough did not rise. I think next time I will use warm water to activate  the yeast. They look nice but are not cooked properly inside.

