These turned out to be my Saturday baking project... I didn't feel like dusting off my bread machine so I just used my KitchenAid with good results.  When you start to read this recipe you will find it necessary to add more liquid to the batter, I added about 1/2 cup more, and used all semi sweet choc chips that I chopped up a bit.  Also there is no need to pinch the ends closed.  They look prettier if left open... We loved these flaky, crispy, buttery, chocolaty petit pain au chocolat and served with steaming cafe au lait!

Love these crescents! Three things to keep in mind. One, they're easy to make with a kitchen aide. Two, they need extra water, but it's easy to judge by the look of the dough how much to add. And three, there's an error with the chocolate amounts; each crescent should have 1oz chocolate (might be better with milk chocolate) only.

I love chocolatines but have never made them, I decided to use this recipe since it used the bread machine and the directions were well laid out. I did not have dry milk powder so I used 5% cream for the water, the dough was so dry at the add in beep I had to add at least another 1/4 cup of cream, possibly more, make sure you check your dough at the beep or you could be disappointed! I cut the dough into 12 pastries, they were still very large, next time I would try 16. The chocolate amount is way off, I made a 1/4 batch of homemade Nutella, I put 2 tsps on each pastry then topped with 1 ounce of Lindt dark chocolate, it was more than enough chocolate.  My family enjoyed them! #AllrecipesAllstarsCanada #ThisisBreakfast

A great recipe. I tweaked it, as others have said, it needs more water and I made the dough by hand. I would stress the importance of the layering process, rolling it thin and a few more times. Over all very tasty.

This was realllyy good and the recipe is so easy to follow. Only changes I made was: 1- I added 1/2 cup more water. 2- I mixed the yeast with warm water n sugar n let it sit for about 10 min.  Also I made it in my kitchen aid mixer  since I don't have bread machine. And only takes 10 min for mine to bake.

It was delicious!!!!

Reminds me of St.Maarten. Just pure amazing.

Croissants are not for the faint of heart! For one, make sure you prep your yeast - warm water (105 F) with the sugar, and then add the yeast to the water for 5 to 10 minutes, or until it is frothy (I didn't do that! Massive Oops!) You need to make sure the dough rises too (I didn't do that - massive Oops!), and you really need to wait between rolling out the dough (I did do that!). If you want them to look like real croissants (real as in the ones you see in a bakery), you have to cut them into triangles (learned this after I made them rolls... oh boy!). Mine are in the oven now for the 15 minutes... hope they taste good!!! ...
... 20 minutes later... OMG delicious! Even though I made some giant mistakes they are oh so good! i will be doing this recipe again for sure the right way!

For starters, even using a bread machine that water amount is not correct.  I found that 3/4 cup is perfect so this must be a typo.   Working the butter into the dough is so very critical, do not rush this step.   You can leave the dough in overnight after you have worked the butter though it, instead of 30 minutes.  I roll my dough similiar to rolling cinnamon rolls.   Cut it in 1/2 (6x21") and make 2 rows of chocolates, one starting at the beginning of the roll and the second one at the half mark.  Roll it into a tube and cut into 3" pieces.  I want to try making them next using an almond paste.   Thanks so much for sharing this.

I don't use a bread machine, so I did everything by hand.  It worked out great!  Very much worth the wait! :)

