I had been reading from french pastry chef's websites how difficult these are to make, and how they will take so many tries to get correctly. I followed this recipe and Chef John made the process very easy, and demonstrated it eloquently and effectively. This is by far the best recipe to follow for your first Caneles.

this is exactly the right recipe for the ingredients but it leaves out the critical step -  - Allow the batter to rest in the fridge for at least 24 hours (some leave it for 48) - Leave this step out  and you might think you are making canele - but they will look and taste nothing like Caneles de Bordeaux

this is exactly the right recipe for the ingredients but it leaves out the critical step -  - Allow the batter to rest in the fridge for at least 24 hours (some leave it for 48) - Leave this step out  and you might think you are making canele - but they will look and taste nothing like Caneles de Bordeaux

I’ve made many recipes for this treat and never had such perfect results. And so consistent!  I followed this to the letter aside from taking mine out of the oven 5 min early. I used copper/ tin molds.

I absolutely love Caneles and have been meaning to try making them for a really long time, but all the recipes I found online looked complex. 
I finally tried this recipe today, with the exception of no bees wax but using canele moulds. They came out amazing! I experimented with the time in the oven and found that the best Canele were in the oven on 230 C for 10 minutes, and 35 minutes on 190 c. It probably has to do with the mould size too. The longer ones had a burnt top (bottom). The few I tried making in muffin tins came out very burnt (They were left for the entire 50 minutes in 190 degC)

Missing this so much since moving to Norway. Always discourage by other youtube video and impossible to get the canelé form here. Made it and it perfect the first time. Now when ever I crave I can quickly whip up a batch.

This is such a sumptuous pastry! Followed the recipe exactly as written except that I used an actual canele mold. Maybe I would use less sugar the next time, otherwise this is a good recipe to use!

Made half the recipe. Used popover tin instead of muffin tin. Will make half the recipe again using a muffin tin as suggested by Chef John. I was overly generous with greasing the tin with the beeswax/butter mixture, which resulted in a soft bottom which was okay, but not as crispy as it should have been. The sides were nice and crispy. Made it again (same day) using a muffin tin instead of the popover tin. 
Made them with a friend to demonstrate how easy they are to make. We were very happy with the result using the muffin tin. Version 3: bought a fluted muffin tin, still making half the recipe, and am very happy with the presentation. Note: it seems that beeswax has a higher melting point than butter, hence the need to melt them together on top of the stove. (Microwave does not work as the butter starts to spit while the little beads of wax are still solid).

This recipe taste just like the Caneles I ate at a French bakery in Paris! I baked mine in a Canele mold - no beeswax required!

I have made these a few times now and they come out great every time.  Be careful not to use too much butter-wax grease on the tin, or you will get a weird wax texture in the end.  If your tin is cold when you brush on the grease, it is easy to put on too much.  Try leaving the pan in the pre-heating oven for a minute to warm up, and then inspect the brushed on wax after the pan cools before adding the batter.  Reapply if necessary.  

Even if you put on a lot, or they get a little charred, they're still delicious.

This was one of the most surprising discoveries yet! However, using a muffin tin they popped out as they cooked, so they were sitting up in the air and to upper edges burned. Even with that charred piece, the flavor was amazing! I promptly ordered a proper Canele mold, and can't wait to make more.

