Very, very good.  Since the Cream Fraiche is the true star of this recipe, I changed a couple of things that I believe shave off a few calories without sacrificing taste. First, I grill the chicken breast vs. browning it in oil/butter in a skillet.  When the chicken is about half done, I remove it from the grill and transfer it to the skillet for the simmer process in the wine.  I then substitute plain yogurt for the sour cream. If you like the sauce “thick”, use sour cream. I find that using yogurt makes for a thinner and “lighter” sauce and in my opinion takes nothing away from the taste of this dish. I also prefer shallots vs. the white onion, but that’s personal taste. For the pasta, I find I get the best presentation when I use Vermicelli.

I was confused with this recipe when I saw it was made with crene fraiche and sour cream! creme fraiche is French sour cream.

I was looking for a recipe to use up a rotisserie chicken we had purchased, and it came out great. I stripped the meat from the chicken carcass, chopped it into bite size pieces, and sautéed it in robust olive oil, salt and pepper for about five minutes on medium heat, then added the wine for a few more. Once removing the chicken from the pan, I followed the rest of the recipe as provided. I did salt and pepper the mushrooms. It was delicious!

It was very good and I added some pre-cooked green beans just before adding the creme fraiche. This is not at all greasy.  I did find that it needed more wine than stated to be able to simmer the chicken.

01/2021 - Eh, not that great. I'd rather make alfredo sauce.

We thought it was amazing, and easy. Just left out the sour cream as a few others suggested and added a little more wine- this is a keeper!

Did not go crazy for this. Kind of blah in flavor. I may try it again because I really like the ingredients....perhaps a touch more spice

This recipe was easy and delicious! I will be making it again.

My French friend who taught me to make this first marinated the chicken in fresh-squeezed lemon juice and a lot of sea salt for about 4 hours. When ready to cook, she rinsed the salt and juice off. The acid will turn patches of the chicken white, as if cooked. That’s fine. I don’t like overly lemon chicken, but that extra step really takes this dish to the stratosphere. I would serve this to the Queen! As they always say on cooking shows, just a bit of acidity brightens it up.

My French friend who taught me to make this first marinated the chicken in fresh-squeezed lemon juice and a lot of sea salt for about 4 hours. When ready to cook, she rinsed the salt and juice off. The acid will turn patches of the chicken white, as if cooked. That’s fine. I don’t like overly lemon chicken, but that extra step really takes this dish to the stratosphere. I would serve this to the Queen! As they always say on cooking shows, just a bit of acidity brightens it up.

My family and I loved this. I added more wine during cooking.

