This recipe is fabuolus, but it forgets to mention to peirce the ends of the eclair shells right after removing from the oven to release any steam. This keeps them from getting really soggy on the inside.

These eclairs have become a family favorite and everyone is convinced that I spend hours in the kitchen preparing these!

I tried the chocolate topping on a cream puff recipe and it was bitter and gross.  The cream puff was delicious by itself.  I can't recommend the topping to anyone

Came here looking for tips.... before I knew what I was doing I made the basic shells... while they were baking and cooling I made vanilla pudding (or another flavor sometimes) and iced them with thinned chocolate icing from a can ..... I was going for quick and easy and it worked....

I had a hard time making the pastries and they didn't turn our looking right they were delicious though, and it was fun to try!

They took some time but they turned out really good! Definitely recommend using whipped cream instead but that’s just my opinion . Thank you!

Next time I'll fold in less whipped cream because I like my eclairs with a little more custardy texture. But good!

Simple to follow recipe for a not so simple dessert :3I think my 2nd attempt came out rather well! I think I'll cool the frosting longer next time but otherwise, really great and most importantly, very tasty! :D

This was great! I made the recipe as shown with only the difference of doing cream puffs instead of eclairs and it worked great. For the cream puffs I had it at the first temp for 3 minutes shorter than stated and 5 minutes shorter than stated for the second temp. The chocolate icing wasn't my thing but the rest of it was great!

This recipe turned out great; light, tasty and pretty. The only advice I have is to halve the filling, there was way too much. Other than that, great recipe!

Came out great. Second recipe I tried and this one worked great. It was cold outside so I had to leave them cooling in the oven, if not they would have deflated.

This recipe had the best instructions, the temperature changes are critical. Everything came out great.

