This was FANTASTIC!!!! It's great just as the recipe reads but tonite I added some brown clamshell mushrooms to the wine reduction and used chicken stock and served over chicken thighs. Wholly yummy in my tummy!!!!

Basic reduction method, yes. But I prefer them with way less liquid. This turns out a winey au jus, more than a reduction.

Basic reduction method, yes. But I prefer them with way less liquid. This turns out a winey au jus, more than a reduction.

As written there is too much liquid. I ended up adding mushrooms and that helped but still too much liquid. Recipe has potential but needs tweaks.

this doesn't work, too much liquid and too little time for reduction, you end up with soup not sauce!!!!!!!!

Delicious! I also added mushrooms.

I have a tendency to use too much salt, definitely stick to a pinch.
Added 1 clove garlic, minced or crushed
Added 1 tbls desiccated rosemary, fresh would be much better.
Used beef bullion cubes.  2 cubes 1 cup of water in microwave 2.5 min and stir
Will definitely make this again.

Easy to make, but The shallot ended up looking like a scummy residue... detracted from the finished dish. I could have strained it out, but I prefer recipes that minimize extra utensils. Next time I’ll just use powdered onion.

I made this and loved it.  I had to make some changes because I was missing some ingredients.  First, I did not have beef broth, so I used Au Jus sauce.  It was a packet from Nor.  The Au Jus was a little thicker and had more flavor, so I will use this again.  Next,  I didn't have Italian seasoning, so I used a tablespoon of Lambert's Sweet Rub-o-Mine  (it's a steak rub) and it added a really nice flavor to the reduction.  I also doubled the butter  = ).  I hope this helps others.

I altered it a bit. I used the broth from the stuffed pork loin I was making.
Basically I used 5 c Reunite Lambrusco (a sweeter red) and after sauteeing shallots (in butter) I added the wine and simmered for a looong time so it reduced by about 1/2, then added butter (x3), later added about the same amount of broth (by then the stuffed loin was ready to be moved to a platter), and added a little cornstarch/cold water. I reduced it a bit more with more simmering, however it never got very thick. It doesn't matter, thought, because it was DELICIOUS on that stuffed pork loin roast! (I stuffed it with onion, apple, mozzarella, and sausage)

This was FANTASTIC!!!! It's great just as the recipe reads but tonite I added some brown clamshell mushrooms to the wine reduction and used chicken stock and served over chicken thighs. Wholly yummy in my tummy!!!!

