This recipe is much easier than Julia Child's complicated but AMAZING recipe. Taking the best ideas from both, make this recipe but add 1 tablespoon of dried or fresh tarragon to the sauce.  Instead of fish stock, boil the lobsters in 2 cups white wine, 2 cups water, sliced onion, 1 carrot and 1 celery stalk. This is a dramatic dish that can be made ahead of time, popped in the oven for browning, sure to impress your guests!

I was somewhat disappointed in this recipe for Lobster Thermidor.  I made it exactly as instructed.  The sauce was too thin and not rich tasting enough and had too much wine and/or lemon in it.  If I make it again I would add more cream, less wine and lemon and would thicken it up with a little cornstarch.

I didn’t have fresh fish sauce, and picked a bottle of Tra Chang Brand fish sauce which as it turns out was 68% anchovy and 31% salt. You can’t imagine how salty it turned out.

Very disappointed!!  Frankly I felt I wasted my lobster. Now it could of been I did not follow the recipe but I doubt it. Main problem was the consistency of the sauce. I had read other reviews and as a result cut back on the liquid but it was still very thin and not that appetizing. I would have preferred a thicker, cheesier sauce that would have better suited my tasty lobster. Ah well!!  Back to lobster dipped in butter.

Wow! Never had Lobster Thermidor before but this turned out really, really good. While it’s hard to tell if the sauce would have thickened on its own as written or not (when cooked long enough, heavy whipping cream WILL thicken!), I didn’t want to take a chance tonight. So after sautéing the butter and onions (no scallions on hand), added 1 TBLS flour and treated this like making a roux - slowly adding the seafood stock (vs fish stock) a little at a time - stirring constantly. Then, once the stock was all in, added the wine and cream. Continued to cook on high heat - stirring constantly to not let burn - for about 15 min. Sure enough! This both thickened and reduced by half. Once done, stirred in the lemon juice, parsley, salt and pepper (easy on the salt since Parmesan is a saltier cheese) and a squirt of Dijon mustard (vs English hot). I poured over the lobster. In my oven, the broil/cook time was closer to 6 min. This was decadent good! And minus that i was attached to the stove for the sauce cook time - mostly easy too! Picture attached doesn’t look amazing but the taste was! Thanks for a great recipe Robyn!!

I love this dish. My stepmom used to make it for me for my birthday every year. I always look for it on the menu in good seafood restaurants.This recipe is the same as my stepmoms and very well worth the effort.

I ate every bite…

Great recipe, needed thickening, used corn flour.Omitted wine used brandy instead. I will next time use the liquid from the steamed crayfish/lobster in the sauce instead of some of the fish stock.

I thought this was a great recipe. Taste is excellent. The first time I made it I found the sauce to be way too thin. I reduced it a lot but still way too thin. The next time I made it, before I added the shallots I added 2tbs flour to the butter and made a rue similar to how you would start bechamel sauce. If you add the following liquids slowly, keep stirring constantly with a whisk so as not to get flour lumps and let the rue take up the liquids slowly you finish up with a much better result. I believe the flour has simply been omitted when the recipe was created.  Good luck!

It was very delicious. My husband was extremely surprised at how good it came out, especially because I had never had lobster therimor before. I will certainly make it again.

Hello! This recipe was pretty easy, and took about 45 minuets to prepare. Forgot to gather Whipping cream, so we used 3 table spoons of melted butter and 1/3 cup of milk as a sub. Also could not get fish stock, so we used (as recommended by the fish guy at the counter) vegetable broth and about 2 teaspoons of tai fish sauce mixed together. The sauce, after being cooked, was DELICIOUS! Overall it was a flattering dish!

