Watch the video before making these! I made these twice; once without watching the video and once after I'd watched it. Both times I used gluten free pastry and imagine this may be the reason they didn't puff as much as a gluten puff pastry would. Not fully understanding the technique, the first time I made them without the "cap" and re-rolled my pastry a bunch of times. I used about 4 or 5 "rings" on each whole circle base. The second time, I followed the method in the video and they came out with a cap, which I was able to remove like in the video etc. The directions here don't tell you what temperature either. The first time I made it at 175째C and the second time I put my oven at 200째C as mentioned in the video. The first time I didn't let them cool in the oven but let them sit on a cooling rack on the counter. For those working with metric cutters. I used a 9 cm and an 8 cm and this didn't work properly. Use cutters with a 2 cm diameter difference. Thank you Chef John for your recipe and THANK YOU to whomever did the video, this recipe wouldn't work without it. Not all of us are chefs and some of us certainly need the detailed instructions.

This was a perfect recipe.  My house was hot, so I had to put them in the fridge for a bit.  I couldn't find shells at the store.

My shells still stanted a little and I was sure I had not pressed the layers ar any point.  This was not a big deal and they were absolutely delicious.

I baked it at 400 F. for 10 minutes (convection oven) and they turned out good. However, I used a muffin pan to bake them.

video says to bake at 400 F.

I watched the video, well worth it.  Chef John makes it so easy!  I though mine had thawed too much so after cutting and egg washing them I popped them in the freezer for about 15 minutes and crossed my fingers...turned out beautiful!
Thanks again Chef John for another great recipe!  I'll be making these again many times!

These were fun to make and they came out perfect. Being from Philadelphia, I filled them with thinly sliced steak, fried onions and peppers and then I poured cheese sauce over the top - a puff pastry cheesesteak!

Loved how easy and stunning on a buffet, will use again!

Watch the video before making these! I made these twice; once without watching the video and once after I'd watched it. Both times I used gluten free pastry and imagine this may be the reason they didn't puff as much as a gluten puff pastry would. Not fully understanding the technique, the first time I made them without the "cap" and re-rolled my pastry a bunch of times. I used about 4 or 5 "rings" on each whole circle base. The second time, I followed the method in the video and they came out with a cap, which I was able to remove like in the video etc. The directions here don't tell you what temperature either. The first time I made it at 175째C and the second time I put my oven at 200째C as mentioned in the video. The first time I didn't let them cool in the oven but let them sit on a cooling rack on the counter. For those working with metric cutters. I used a 9 cm and an 8 cm and this didn't work properly. Use cutters with a 2 cm diameter difference. Thank you Chef John for your recipe and THANK YOU to whomever did the video, this recipe wouldn't work without it. Not all of us are chefs and some of us certainly need the detailed instructions.

