I'm the author of this recipe and just made this again tonight, to celebrate.  Yes, the sauce can be doubled, especially if you'd like the sauce on the rice.    As far as egg/cheese/sugar mixture goes.  I've never had a problem with it sticking to the flour-dredged chicken.  Not sure why it didn't work for Lavendertatoo.  I figure if it worked for Julia Child, it should work for anyone.

Complete disaster. The flour/egg combination fell off of the chicken as it cooked. So basically we got plain chicken with browned omelette. I thought something seemed off when the recipe called for putting the flour on first and then putting on the egg mixture. I should have followed my gut instinct and done it the other way around. I will never make this again.

Very good recipe, needs some adjustment; likely double the amount of cooking sherry, maybe 1 1/2 times the amount of lemon juice and chicken stock.

This recipe makes sense and I always dip my chicken in flour before egg, it holds the crust on, do it twice for a thicker coat mmmmm. Made this recipe... delicious

Perfect recipe!

This recipe was amazing. I would not change a thing about it except maybe to double or triple the delicious sauce. The is a keeper!

Very satisfied with the flavor palette and simplicity of this recipe. My photos don’t do it justice, the sauce was perfect and the chicken was voila. Didn’t have any parsley for garnish, and left the lemon in the pan. Yum! Thank you.

I have never taken the time to rate a recipe but this was amazing. And although it took slightly more time being the first time I made it overall easy to redo. I added slightly more broth/Sherry and lemon juice to the simmering phase since the pan I choose was a little small and wanted to make sure I had enough juice for simmering the overlapped cutlets. And was able to buy thin cut cutlets which worked great   Will make again for sure

THIS...WAS...A-MA-ZINNNG

Fantastic! Family favorite. Definitely double or even triple the sauce. I served mine with egg noodles and roasted broccoli. Delicious!! Thank you.

I followed the directions exactly (plus made extra sauce) .. it was Wonderful!!Thank you for sharing!! And Yes, I live in Rochester, NY 🤗

