WOOF!   Delicious!  Just as written!  Refreshing, different, light but satisfying.  Here's a little trick to get the best lemon zest:  take a fresh lemon, cut it in half, remove as many seeds as possible, freeze it.  Grates like a dream when frozen!   Makes the best dressing ever!

WOW! Quick, easy to prepare and very satisfying. I used a half and half spring mix, made a substitute red wine vinegar which was so delicious I thought I might lick the bowl. A fabulous recipe for anyone on restricted diet. I will be making this again.

Easy prep and very flavorful.  My husband who doesn’t typically provided more than an “okay” or “good” when asked if he liked the meal, said it was “deliciously”!!!!

This was a great, easy and fast recipe. I added cubes of fresh mozzarella because why not :) Thanks for sharing!

We loved it and did use the Grape tomatoes for some nice color.  I pan cooked the chicken rather than using the grill so I could deglaze the pan and used that to make a great vinaigrette dressing! Perfect dish for a hot day!

Excellent recipe.  Easy to make with great results.  Doesn't take too much time to make.  My family loved it.

Made it exactly as recipe indicates. The only difference was I used boneless, skinless chicken thighs. HUGE hit!! Kids loved it! Took it for lunch the next day.

Great combo of flavors. I was out of red wine vinegar so I used balsamic and it worked great. :) Thanks!

This recipe unfortunately didn’t turn out well. I let the chicken marinate for a few hours, and I cooked one test piece. It was completely lacking in flavor. I ended up dumping a bunch of spices on it and frying up the chicken and basically making a different dish:

I changed it up a bit by using boneless skinless chicken thighs - very succulent!
I live in an apartment so I couldn't grill...I used a heavy copper pan and med-high heat, olive oil till it sizzles then 3 min per side.  I cooked 3 pounds in 3 rounds.  When I served,  I used the first ones that I took out of the pan and had wrapped in paper towels.  They were perfect!
So easy and really appreciated by my friends!

