I read the reviews and took the suggestion of some others.  First of all, I dipped the chicken in egg wash, then laid the slices of ham and cheese on top.  I got a plate and sprinkled breadcrumbs and placed the chicken on it and rolled it from there.  I also added a pat of butter on top of each.  It came out beautifully and you must use the sauce (which is 1 can of cream of chicken soup, 1/2 cup of sour cream and 1 tbsp of lemon juice).  I put a bed of white rice on the plates, put the chicken cordon blue on top of the rice covered with the cream sauce. A good side dish is buttered rolls, mmm-mhmm! All I can say was that it was such a beautiful presentation and absolutely heavenly!

The chicken was dry despite correct cooking time. Perhaps a light sauce could have been served with it. I would not make this a 2nd time.

This was a hit for the ones not scared to try something new

I love the Chicken and the best thing ever.Always be happy together for life.Thank You!

I always wrap each one with bacon the pour cream of chicken on top then bake

I found  This recipe super easy to. Make.  AndI don’t know how to cook at all!   The only thing I did differently was that I used chicken  Breast tenderloins.  It just made smaller portions.

good / simple recipe. cooking times seem to be perfect.

I too selected this recipe because I had 1) leftover ham to use up and 2) this version seemed simple enough for a weeknight meal. Check yes to both!!! No - it’s not the most exquisite version out there but dang! Is it good! If you have a good, sharp knife - you could use three chicken breasts and slice them in half to make 6 portions (which is what I did). I still pounded them flat because chicken breasts are imperfect in thickness. Having them in equal thickness will insure cook time accuracy. I also eyeballed and added garlic and onion powder to the breadcrumb mixture - approx 1/4 tsp each. Took another reviewer’s advice and cooked at 400 for 25 min, then added the cheese to the top for the last 3 minutes (28 min total) for perfectly baked chicken.  Served with White Sauce by Carolyn O from this site - which was very nice but not a requirement to the success of this recipe. Overall very good take on a classic favorite! Glad I found and would make again! Thanks Jill M for creating and posting an easy version for the masses!

It was good, although I think it needs more cheese and a hollandaise sauce would be appropriate for it.

Made this tonight and loved it!  Only changes I made were I baked it at 400 F for 28 minutes then did the cheese, I used skewers instead of toothpicks because I forgot toothpicks at the store, and I coated each whole rolled up piece in the breadcrumbs.  Next time though I might skip the salt part of the salt/pepper on the chicken because that combined with salt from the cheese/ham/bread crumbs made it a bit too salty for our personal taste.

Made it for 8; everyone loved it!

