GREAT recipe!  I made a few changes... I was scared by the comments about the quiche being too runny, so I used 1 1/2 cups whipping cream instead.  I hand-measured the salt and pepper - using a mixture of black and white pepper instead of cayene. I also used 1 cup of swiss and 1/2 cup of grated guyere.  Added spinach instead of onions.  It turned out gorgeous (for some reason I had doubts it would!).  I did cover the edges with aluminum foil 25-minutes into baking to prevent it getting too dark.

There are so many things wrong here. It won't set because of that much liquid (it won't even fit in the crust), the onion remains raw in the end, and there's far too much salt. I used 1.5 cups light cream and it's still too loose -- and I'm not even very picky about that. It's very pretty though, and we probably WILL eat it. Thank you for sharing.

Absolutely perfect just as written.

Super tasty! Used Cajun spice instead of cayenne, heavy cream, and pan-fried the onions first. Also, cooked the bacon in the microwave so it was super crispy. Dash of parsley before serving gave it a nice splash of color - turned out great!

I added 1/4 cup of sliced mushrooms and used heavy cream also I added 15 minutes to the cooking time. It came out perfect,

Couldn’t find light cream so I did a 50/50 blend of heavy cream and 2% milk. Might be better if I used whole milk. It was a bit soft but very tasty!  Also used pre-cooked bacon. That saved a lot of time and mess!  Will make it again but will use heavy cream and whole milk next time.

I made this a few days ago.  I added mushrooms and replaced onion with shallots.  Also, I tossed the shallots and mushrooms in the bacon fat and saluted them until just tender.  Also, I used heavy whipping cream since that was all I had.  This is the best quiche I've made in a long, long time.

Forgot to include the sugar and it still came out perfect. I did end up baking it for 45 minutes, which firmed it up more.

Instructions perfect for one 9" deep dish pie crust.  Followed the recipe exactly and it was terrific.   Making 2?  Use one less egg and less light cream than double.  Not too salty,  firmed up perfect.  Crusts cooked nicely.  I used precooked bacon - EZ!

Omg this was great! I didn't have a pie crust so I smashed up some hash brown potatoes and tater tots, ½ stuck butter, and one TBS each of corn starch and flour, then baked the potato pie shell in  a 13x9 until golden brown. I was low on bacon and but added 2 hot Italian sausages well crisped, which wasn't a good idea, because it was a great idea! Also I used grated parmesan, Mozzarella, and kolby jack. I figured it wouldn't matter, and it didn't; some recipes call for gruyere and some Swiss cheese, so I figured a local cheese in good supply will do. I added a tsp of thyme and subbed in evaporated milk for light cream, no worries. Extra onions and some green onions from the garden, I sautéed the onions first. The final coup de grâce was adding fresh spinach finely chopped. You should put it on top of the cheese layer before adding eggs. I forgot to add garlic so I sprinkled some powder over top while it was cooling, plus some red pepper flakes. I literally could not stop eating it. The potato pie shell put the flavor over the top.

This was perfect 👍🏻

