This was delicious! I cut up an onion and two cloves of fresh garlic which I added to the cabbage and 1/2 stick of butter. When the noodles were done, I added a tablespoon of butter to the noodles before adding them to the cabbage mixture. I will make this again and maybe cut up a small ham steak to add a little meat to this dish. Thank you for the recipe!

Don't make this if you aren't absolutely crazy about cooked cabbage.  I had my hopes too high for my kids liking this.  Fine if you for sure like cooked cabbage, doubt we will make this again though. Did make as directed.

We call this lazy pirogi because we add onion to the cabbage while sauteing and top the final dish with cottage cheese.

This is called Haluski.  I make it often, but instead of buying a head of cabbage, I buy a bag of precut cole slaw.....  then I fry the cole slaw cabbage in tons of butter, and onions,  and add cooked noodles.

i make this often.  it is delicious.

Good basic recipe. For authentic German flavor add to cabbage while cooking 1/2 Tsp. each of Caraway and Fennel seeds plus 3 or 4 crushed Juniper berries. For even more depth cook egg noodles risotto-style with your favorite broth.

We actually used spaghetti squash instead of noodles and we added onions with the fried cabbage. At the end, I added garlic powder as well as salt and pepper also. It was so delicious! We paired it with both vegetarian sausage and turkey sausage, with lots of Dijon mustard as well as hot and sweet mustard on the side. It tasted like sweet sauerkraut and was really good! We are going to make this again for sure!

A comfort food favorirte.  I parboiled the cabbage a little first, then chopped it into the frying pan.   Salt and pepper were all that were needed.  Yum.

Still eat this. Just add onions garlic salt and pepper

Great, easy recipe 👌Added onions and caraway seeds.

I’ve made this many times only I use thicker noodles in the freezer section from REAMS. They are fatter and look homemade. After I cook them and drain, I put them in with the cabbage to brown slightly. I also have added mushrooms.

