Absolut lecker!!Yum, yum in German. A variation on traditional German Winter "greens" (in Hessen, we make ours much the same, but with smoked hocks and no bacon). I made this with the bacon and we LOVED it, so it's going in my pot of this warming, filling Winter dish from now on. Oh, use thick sliced bacon.

This is sooo good.  I just made a few changes using what I had on hand.  Instead of bacon I used 3 smoked pork hocks.  1 lb smoked sausage and added some garlic and a poblano pepper.  Used beef stock instead of water.  Threw the whole thing in the crockpot for 8 hours, without sautéing anything.  It turned out GREAT!!!

Fantastic recipe

I added a can of beer and red cabbage YUMMY !

Ok so I wasn't really excited about this recipe but I had all the ingredients on hand so I thought I would give it a whirl. Omg! I am so glad I did. We LOVED this! Even my children. I did double the nutmeg and mustard, use a whole red onion and add garlic. I also added butter because we are on a ketogenic diet and we eat more fats. We didn't even add salt or pepper which like never happens! Bravo! For sure will be making this again!

I've made this as directed, but prefer my older version using ham shank. The marrow releases from the bone when left for a full hour, and the flavor is richer than with ham and kielbasa. It may take longer with ham shank, but worth the time!  The recipe is also yummy as is...

Added whole onion and a large baked potato.

Excellent dish. Turned out just plain warm and delicious. I used some real beef stock instead of bouillon cubes and just a bit of water to cover. I also removed the sausage near the end and browned them a bit in another skillet, returned them, then deglazed the that pan using a couple ladels of the simmering broth and added that back in as well. I used no ham but 6 slices of very thick bacon. Scrumptious and hearty.

Logically, I made a few changes which make this basic recipe simplier. After boiling the kale and adding it to the bacon and onion mixture and seasoning it, it was ready to eat. Adding any wurst or sausage would have taken any "body" away from the kale. The grated nutmeg added the perfect finish to a great dish. I may serve it over or mix with boiled potatoes to create a great Dutch dish, Boerekohl!

I was just looking for an interesting recipe to try cooking kale for the first time and came across this one - glad I tried it! As a couple of other people suggested I used a whole sweet onion and a few cloves of garlic. (Garlic always makes it better!) I didn't have ham on hand, but followed the rest pretty closely. Delicious.

