This was awesome for quick and easy, last minute sauerkraut!

Quick and easy after school meal,especially with basketball games.

Very Good.  I have adapted in a small way... 1/2 cup Apple Cider-- 1cup White Vinegar, an extra pinch of salt, and extra grind of Pepper...the celery seed is good...( a touch of Minced Garlic, too)  but what I learned was... my pantry was much too cool... great for my Pantry, but, not great for Fermenting... find a linen closet if necessary for 2 weeks... next batch begins tomorrow.  I go through a quart in 2 days.  Love it.  I have also added, chopped Carrots, Califlower... but, honestly, I love this--- so easy and delicious.

Was so easy.

Followed recipe and my husband and i both loved it! Will definitely make this again.

Very good! Especially if you need a sauerkraut fix and dont want to run to the store for the real thing.

My husband and I love this sauerkraut recipe and I've made it several times now.  I haven't tweaked it as I don't think it needs it.  It's not as strong as store bought sauerkraut, easy to make, delicious, and stores in the fridge for several months in Mason jars.

Although I made sauerbraten once before, this was my first attempt at making another "sauer".
This recipe is simple and the result is terrific.  However, I still haven't actually made sauerkraut.  I substituted spaghetti squash for cabbage and while the consistency is different from that of cabbage, I'll recommend using spaghetti squash  to others.

We are away from our home for 3 months, is my only excuse and I don’t have all of the ingredients at hand.  My changes were, I don’t have any celery seed but I have celery.  I chopped about a half of a rib very fine, along with a very small carrot.  I used white wine vinegar and white vinegar and probably 3 times the salt and a little mustard seed.  It still needed a little sweet something.  We don’t have any sugar but I do have some balsamic vinaigrette.  I added a little of that to sweeten it just a bit.  I’m sorry, I don’t generally measure my ingredients.  It’s all by taste......even when I’m home!

Husband RAVED about this! Sauerkraut isn’t really my thing, I didn’t love it.  But he said it was amazing.

