I have been making Butter Kuchen for many years, my german grandmother (nana) used to make it, the only difference between this and the Butter Kuchen I make is, I let it rise in a bowl covered with plastic wrap, then roll it out onto a big greased cookie sheet,cover,(let it rise again), put indentations in the top every 2 inches, then put butter in them, and then sprinkle with the whole top of the Butter Kuchen with sugar, &  bake it at 350 deg. Butter Kuchen is absolutely fantastic !!!

dry.

Very good.  I did take some of the other reviewers suggestions, particularly the one about letting the hot milk mixture cool before letting your yeast proof in the warm water.  A half size recipe fit nicely in a 7" x 10" pan.  Bake for only 15-20 minutes.

Terrific! I did as someone recommended and pressed holes every two inches before pouring on the topping which spread the butter/sugar mixture into every bite.  I'm thinking pecans or apples might be great additions. I also halved the recipe and it fit very well into my 8" Zakarian skillet and made a pretty presentation.

One of my favorite cakes to bake! Time consuming, but not at all difficult. Plus, it’ll make your oven and kitchen smell yummy!!

as a child my mother would go to the German bakery on the avenue. she always loved butter cake. when she came home I could care less about it; rather choosing to eat the choc. cake. After making this cake my taste buds obviously have changed and now I know why mom was crazy about it. I wish she were alive to eat this;  not only tastes outrageous but conjures up good old memories. thank you. cooked as directed

No changes- family loves it!

This recipe has potential but is poorly written in the order of preparation. If you dissolve the yeast and let it sit for 10 minutes, and prepare the saucepan ingredients, which take 20-30 minutes to cool enough not to kill the yeast, then the yeast mixture will be sitting for 30-40 minutes, not 10.
The pan is way too small for this recipe, as it bubbles over and starts smoking from all the sugar in the recipe. The oven temperature is also too high, as my bread was done in 20 minutes, but the topping would not get syrupy, as I had to remove it because of the smoking oven.
In spite of all this, it was delicious!! Light, fluffy, buttery type breakfast roll with a touch of cinnamon. The changes I would make: Heat the milk and sugar mixture first, then dissolve the yeast when milk is 125 degrees, 350 oven, larger pan, much more cinnamon, some vanilla in the dough. I would make it again, as it is that good!

I didn't care for this recipe. I followed it exactly and it did not taste like any butter cake I have ever had and it was flavorless. Needs vanilla maybe?

I made this on 2/22/16 to bring to World Thinking Day for my daughter's girl scout troop.  They were encouraged to bring food from other countries and we decided on this since we're of German ancestry.  It got many compliments from the girls and adults alike!

This was fairly easy to make and turned out well but it's VERY rich.  I remember my German mother's Butterkuchen to be much lighter. Still, worth a try.

