Try it in your bread machine.  Really!  Just put in all the liquid ingredients, then the flour (I reduced the amount to 2 1/4 cups) and then the yeast on top...after it has started to mix together, add the candied fruit a little at a time.  Most of it will mix in, some may be left at the bottom of the pan.  After the first rise, remove it from the machine.  Turn your oven on to 200 degrees for 5 minutes - then turn it off. 
Knead the dough a little to get all the fruit in - the dough should be soft and a little sticky - don't add to much flour it will make the final product stiff and dry!  Then roll it out and put in the marzipan just like the recipe says.  Put it in the warmed oven to rise - I guarantee it will rise up beautifully - as long as you haven't added too much flour!  It is a wonderful recipe!

Good, but not nearly enough flour. An inexperienced cook will panic over the consistencey of the dough if made by the exact directions.

Took Jessica's advice and made it in the bread machine. It came out much better than when I made it by hand. Much bigger and fluffier, not so heavy.  Great recipe. I love it!

I love stollen, this was my first attempt at making my own. I turned the recipe vegan by omitting the egg,  used soy milk, and margarine. Overall it was tasty, but next time I want to try swirling the marzipan in the dough, I will also try to soak the fruits as many suggested.

This is an EXCELLENT recipe! The consistency of the dough is perfect!!  The only thing I think that is missing are spices- I added nutmeg, cinnamon, lemon peel, and ginger in generous amounts.  The other recommendation I have is to reduce the marzipan as it is sweet.  I think less will be more in this case.  Finally, I used hot water to dissolve the yeast as I was getting no where with the milk and therefore, eliminated the milk altogether.

This was my first time making bread, and it was very easy to make. I had to use my intuition with a few things, however. It took about 3 hours to initially rise, whereas the recipe says it takes about 1 hour. it took longer to rise the second time as well. I consulted a friend who's a baker because it threw me off, and she said that the fruits really weigh the dough down, making it take longer. Makes sense. 
I also baked it for 10 min at 150 then reduced heat to 300 like the recipe calls for, but I kept a very close watch on it and pulled it out of the oven after only 20 minutes  (recipe says 30-40 min). My advice would be to do the same and keep a close eye on the bread, pulling it out when it becomes a nice golden brown.
It was a HUGE hit at my family gathering yesterday and it was baked to perfection.

Wonderful, wonderful

BETTER than German stollen! At least that she what my German friend told me. And I believe her! It's incredibly good.procedurally,  It's similar to other yeast bread recipes, so don't be intimidated by other reviews. I did hand-knead (not use my stand mixer) to be sure it was kneaded to the right consistency. IT made one really big loaf-- great for a party. I folded the dough the way the "corinaesq" review suggested. I also applied a lot of melted butter to it once it came out of the oven then layers of powdered sugar. That gave it a moist, yet almost crisp And sweet crust. Now im sending my friend back to germany with this recipe so she can have a proper Stöllen next Christmas!

Love this recipe. My friends and family love  them as well. I replaced butter with coconut oil by 80%(20%Butter) and turned out great and flavorful.

So yummy! I did have to add extra flour, but it was a hit! I couldn't find citron, but ended up making it from scratch. Boil the orange peels ten minutes and discard the water, boil again ten mins discard water again. The third time add equal amount of sugar and water as the peels and boil to candy temperature. Sweet not bitter citron, and that made it the best.

Have made and loved it, tried gluten free and disappointed. Will stick with the original. (try adding almond paste since I had it on hand. Yum. )

