A friend just made this and pointed out that there is no mention of when to add the onion soup mix - oops :-)  Add it right after the cabbage has cooked down a bit.  I also tend to cook the cabbage/beef/soup mixture a little longer on med-high heat to get a nice browning of the cabbage.

This was okay, but needs spicing up in my opinion.  Plus working with that doe was like being in a wrestling match.  After the first batch, I gave up and dumped the remainder of the filling in 13X9 dish, layered the cheese slices on top of that then rolled out the second loaf of bread to cover the top.  Baked for about 20-25 minutes until the bread was done.  Much easier.  Just bought a bag of cole slaw mix from produce section and used half of it instead of having to chop up a head of cabbage.  I’d use sharp cheddar next time, if I make this again, so that I can actually taste the cheese.  Mild cheddar seems to loose its taste when cooked into a dish. Also add some garlic and Worcestershire sauce to the meat mixture.

Delicious, hearty, and has enough for today, tomorrow, and overmorrow.

Awesome recipe! Home run in this family!

Made these for my 93 y.o. mother and she loved them, and so did my family. Easy to make, too.

I've made these several times now and they always turn out delicious.

I used frozen roll mix. I omitted the French onion soup added thyme instead and used mozzarella  cheese instead of cheddar !  They were wonderful!

This was quite good; made a few changes: made dough in bread machine; used ground lamb instead of hamburger and added pepper; used grated cabbage and carrot mix; used whole pack of onion soup; used sharp cheddar cheese, and baked for almost twice the time stated. Very tasty. Edit: mine did not look nice and neat like the photos; they looked like I had unsuccessfully tried to pinch the dough around the filling. The lamb is fatty enough so that any exposed filling didn't dry out though.

I had made these years ago with rolled out bisicut dough and baked in the oven, sometimes I put cheese in them.

I made at least 50 of these for a party and I had to hide one in the oven so I could have it! My guests were begging for the recipe.

My family loves this. My youngest son likes jalapeno slices in his.

