Why do people like Dee say they made a recipe but the completely change all the main ingredients? Then they say it's not good. I made it and it's very good. I don't like caraway seed, so I left that out, but that was optional. Serving suggestions by the original poster are exactly right on.

I did not add the apple and omitted the bacon.  Also, I substituted Italian sausage for the Kielbasa.  I feel that kielbasa is too greasy.  Came out great.

I've made this several times and it's the best recipe I've found for sausage and sauerkraut.  I do add a juice box of apple juice and about 1 or 1-1/2 cups of water to keep it moist.   I cook the bacon in 2 large skillets and, after removing it, then I saute the onions and then finally the kielbasa.  So delicious!

Had to sub a few things, it was tasty but dry.

I love anything sauerkraut.  The blend works great.  I normally used Hillshire Farms Hot smoked sausage but am out so putting in a couple of hot dogs.

Made it exactly like the recipe with the exception of substituting maple syrup for the brown sugar. It’s remarkable. Husband couldn’t wait to plate it and started eating straight out of the casserole dish! It will be in rotation around here.

Delicious!!!  I mean like really really delicious.Don't stray away from the original recipe.Definitely will be making again and again.  A keeper recipe for sure.

This recipe was a big hit!

I made it as close to recipe as I can and it tasted pretty good. Did not use Caraway seeds as I did not have them. And I added a little chicken stock to it. Topped it with a few Asparagus Spears.

Left out the onion, apple, bacon and optional caraway seeds. After I started realized I did not have brown sugar. Used cane sugar with about a tsp of maple syrup. Covered bottom of slow cooker with a little brandy then cooked it all in slow cooker about 4 hrs. Just a hint of sweetness, next time I will try adding the apple.

I have made this several times now. I don't like caraway so I omitted it. The first time I made it, it was too sweet for me so I cut back to 2 Tablespoons of brown sugar, that was perfect. This reminds me of German dishes my grandmother used to make for us. Comfort food!

