This recipe was perfect. My hubby had been craving his mother's Bierocks and had talked about them many times.  I called her with this recipe and she gave me the lowdown on what to do and what NOT to do:

1. Prebake the bottom crust for about 10 minutes.
2. Brown beef, onion and ADD some seasonings (we just added seasoned salt and fresh pepper).
4. Then add sauerkraut (rinsed, drained, blotted) OR fresh cabbage that is shredded for coleslaw (as the original bierocks calls for fresh cabbage).  You will just need to cook it until softened.
5. As for the 'binder' to keep the meat together some other reviewers had mentioned adding a can of creamed corn or cream of mushroom soup!  Yikes! This made my mother-in-law shudder at the thought.  Just sprinkle the beef mixture with 1-2 Tablespoons of flour and add 2/3 cup of water to make your own 'gravy'.
6. Put the cheese ON the meat and NOT on top of the crust.

Anyway, my hubby loved it and it satisfied his craving for the bierocks of his youth.  Great recipe.

My family enjoyed this, and I will make it again, but it needs more flavor.  One piece of advice for others: be sure to season the meat mixture to your taste.  As the recipe is written, the mixture just tastes like plain cooked hamburger.  Next time I will use pepper, garlic powder, etc., but I think it needs something else to give it some kick.  I'm not sure what that is - I'll have to experiment.
By the way, I served this with sour cream and applesauce.  That's more a Russian thing than a German thing, but it worked great with this, and gave it more flavor.

Probably could get away with using a full two pounds  of hamburger in the base 6 serving recipe

Love this recipe! I also precooked the bottom crust. I used the flour, water, fresh cabbage and a 4 oz package of fresh roasted green chili. I then I added 1 1/2 cup of shredded Mexican cheese. This is a nice twist and my husband loved it!

This was a swing and a miss for me. I followed the recipe as posted, adding flour and water as a binder. I love Sauerkraut, but it was bland even after spicing the meat generously. it lacked the brightness of the Sauerkraut I was looking for. The flavors melded together having a "non-taste" taste. I gave it 3 stars because my fiance really enjoyed it. I'll keep it in my back pocket for him.

Thanks for the recipe Kathy!

I followed luv2cook’s advice and it was absolutely delicious! My husband likes it too. Definitely will make again as I’m already hankering for it :)

We liked how easy this recipe was to follow and prepare. I thought the hamburger was a little bland tasting, but everyone else who ate it liked it. We all added a little mustard on the side. I also think it might be better to put the cheese under the top crust.

Good basic recipe I added  2 cloves minced garlic salt & pepper to taste and 1 can cream of mushroom soup and 1/2 can  of water I drain some of the juice from sauerkraut but not all for top flavor but never ever rinse  next time I think I'll add some sharp cheddar cheese  Thank you for sharing this recipe

Used Luv2Cook's recommendations, except for the cheese. Didn't need it at all. Used fresh/refrigerator sauerkraut that was rinsed. Hubs LOVED it, and it was so easy to make.

I remember watching my mother make bierocks years ago. I also remember how long it took her and how grouchy she got!  But they were delicious!!!  I wouldn't say a casserole can beat the traditional bierock, but oh my sanity thanks me for sure.  I did alter this recipe by adding a can of cream of mushroom soup and  cabbage... OF COURSE! I steamed the cabbage with a chopped onion for 10 minutes while I mixed the sauerkraut, browned/drained hamburger w/ another sauteed onion, cream of mushroom, cheddar cheese and salt and pepper.  Topped the bottom layer of crescent roll with cabbage, sauerkraut and beef mixture. Then topped w/ crescent roll sheet which I topped that with more shredded cheese.  Baked about 20 minutes @350 and pastry was golden brown.  Kids all loved! Sauerkraut. Onion and ALL!

I tried this recipe this morning...sort of. I forgot the recipe at work so I tried to go by memory. I ended up forgetting the cheese completely and I had some spinach that needed to be used so I threw that in. OMG! Delish!

