This was delicious and not hard to make at all.  It was humid the day I made this.  The dough seemed way to sticky with the amount of flour called for in the dough part of the recipie.  I hate altering recipies on my first try, but like I said, it was so muggy and we make a lot of our own bread so I know how that can effect dough.  I did end up adding about one cup more flour.  This gave me a slightly sticky, but smooth looking dough. I had to flour my finger tips to push it up the sides of the pan.  The result, regardless of the flour issue, was so so good.  It formed a soft, very thin layer between the apples and dough that was almost cheese danish like..but not doughy or under baked.  My family loved it and I will positively make it again!

I really like the concept of this recipe with yeast in the cake batter, baked apples, and crumble topping.  The taste and texture were good, but it seems that the recipe's 400F cooking temperature is too high.  The exterior of the cake was brown after just 20 minutes, but the center was not done.  The next time I make this I will use a lower oven temperature in hopes that it will bake more evenly.
... I have made this recipe a second time using 375F cooking temperature and still wasn't thrilled with the way it came out.  I wonder if I am overcooking it, but if cooked less then the batter that isn't touching the baking dish would still be doughy.

Do not worry about wet dough!!!   it is ok watch out for over baking!!! And yes I did it dragh my oven not browning the top correctly! Ugh had to broiler it lol. Give the time to proof on the dough don't rush it and it will be good to you, also don't over handle it!

This recipe has promise! As a lifelong bread maker I should have identified the the problem before I launched into the recipe. The yeast in the cake-like dough just doesn’t have the necessary time or conditions to rise - making the outcome overly dense. I  loved the apples and the topping also loved that it wasn’t overly sweet. The next time I will sub some of the milk for warm water and  activate the yeast in warm water and a bit of sugar. I will also make sure that the milk and butter are room temperature, I will probably add at least another 20 minutes to the rising time before baking. These simple changes should make for a fluffier, lighter kuchen

Delish! I used a generous amount of lemon zest, and liked the hint it gives of a different flavor. It's best, as some else said, to let the dough raise and then add the apples. Going to add some raisins next time.

The apple and streusel topping were phenomenal! But, what prevents me from rating this a 5 star recipe was the bread part. I'm not sure if the fat from the whole milk contributed, but the crust got very dark - I only baked it for 25 minutes and it was very dark and inedible. The rest of the bread's flavor was very lacking. I might find another crust recipe and combine it with the filling of this one.

I cooked the cake according to the recipe, but it came out burnt on the bottom. I will try this again but cook it at a lower temperature.

I substituted lemon zest and juice for the candied lemon peel because I couldn't find it.  I used four diced apples instead of three sliced ones. Otherwise, I followed recipe as it is written. My  husband loved this so much!  It's a beautiful looking cake, as well.

This was absolutely fantastic.  I followed all instructions, barring my substitution for maple sugar in lieu of white or brown sugar.  I'd never made anything like this, and while worried about the dough's failure to behave as a traditional bread, cake or cookie dough, it turned out fantastic!

I first learned about this cake when mt family and lived in Switzerland. I have adapted it to our taste and it is favorite each time.

So good! My mom is german. I grew up in Germany until I was 7. My Mom had an apfelkuchen recipe I made when I was a teenager even using applesauce instead of apples sometimes. It was delicious but she either lost it or couldn't remember it so I thought I'd try this recipe. It's not like the one my Mom made but still delicious!!!!

