I did  slightly brown the brats (for appearance sake) before simmering in the beer mixture.  This was pretty good, but in the future, I would reduce the brown sugar to 1 tsp and maybe even throw the brats on the grill briefly to get some grill marks on them.  In my opinion, the sauerkraut will yield 4 servings, not 6, particularly if you serve the brat on the top of it.  Certainly was quick to make, and will be made again.

This was a total failure. I followed the instructions exactly, except that I did brown the sausages.

Skipped the celery and caraway seeds of this recipe and while I imagine they both enhance the flavors, I didn’t have either. I did sear the brats in my griddle first to give some char marks before adding the beer and brown sugar mix. Sautéd red onions with my sauerkraut. Superb! Already planning to make again soon! Thank you!

We always called these Hockey brats!  Personally I never had brats before helping making brats and sauerkraut for the meal for hosting a hockey team.  The brats were soaked in beer overnight then grilled the next day.  The sauerkraut was drained and rinsed.  We sautéed onions in butter until almost caramelized then added drained sauerkraut and then poured beer in.  Once warmed and beer evaporates the brat topping is done.  These were a hit with everyone!  Nothing was left after hockey games done.  We have made these at home since then! More simple than the steps in the recipe.  I did try the recipe but much prefer our hockey brats!

These were delicious. Loved the sweetness from the brown sugar. This will be my go to brat recipe,

I did add 1/4 tsp fennel and crushed it with dry ingredients, and just used na beer and came out great!!!!!  May try dark lager next to see flavor changes.  Great recipe!!

Brown the piggys but not too much, they look bad if they are naked, but a great plan!  The sweet smell is very new to me and were great!

Best compliment ever--When I asked my husband what he thought about dinner, he said, "Familiar, it tasted like my childhood."

I followed the recipe exactly. I served with homemade homefries.

I thought that this was a really tasty recipe! I would add a 1/4 tsp of fennel to the caraway and celery seed next time just to boost the flavour a bit more.

I didn't have sauerkraut so I quick pickled some cabbage and onions to serve over the brats on a bun. turned out great.

I did make some changes - Decreased the brown sugar by half. Increased the dill to 1/4 tsp. Browned the brats first. Removed them to a casserole dish. Cooked sliced onions (in place of the onion powder) in the pan til browned, added all the rest of the ingredients (except the sauerkraut). Brought to a boil, then simmered for about 10-15 minutes to reduce slightly. Added the sauerkraut and stirred. Poured all over the brats and baked in the oven for about an hour. Absolutely yummy.

