This recipe is a good base however the instructions are not very good for beginning bakers. And, keep in mind you are making a pastry and all good pastries require time and technique. A yeast cake and a homemade custard should be attempted by a medium to expert level baker. After reading some of the reviews (watery custard, sticky dough, no raising) those mistakes are not due to the recipe but the baker.    

As far as the filling, look up a pastry cream and the technique to make it if you are new to custards and fold in a soft peaked whipped cream. (Keep in the cream of tartar even if it's not in the recipe. It helps keep the peeks stiff). Or, just look up a recipe for bavarian cream- which is what the filling is. If you do like sweeter desserts this is the place to add sugar to your taste, whip it into the whipped cream and add a vanilla bean or vanilla extract. You can even add 1/2 tsp almond and 1/2 tsp vanilla. 

I would double the topping and use 3 tbsp of honey to give the cake the authentic bee sting taste. You can skip the confectioners' sugar and just use regular to add a bit more sweetness. 

Lastly, it is best to proof your yeast (look it up) or my personal preference is instant yeast (look up conversion for active vs. instant). And, if you are new to dough look up the 'window pane test' which will indicate whether or not your dough is kneaded well enough.

Great idea.  I made this for my son's "Oktoberfest" for German class in high school.  The bread and topping part were great.  The filling was problematic.  1/3 c cornstarch to 1 1/2 c milk makes a very stiff wallpaper paste rather than "pudding".  It wouldn't fold into the cream and just was lumpy.  I would make this again, but would substitute a package of vanilla pudding with 1/4 teaspooon almond extract in it mixed with the whipped cream for the filling.  Other than that it was yummy!

I will share it in my family for generations

I’m a fan! This would best be served at a fancy afternoon tea party or for breakfast, in my opinion, because it is not sweet enough for a dessert. Still, the presentation can’t be beat for the beauty and I really enjoyed the labor of love process. Not quick, but worth it! I got stung by a bee three times yesterday and so today decided to make this cake to “turn my lemons into lemonade,” as it were. Hope you enjoy it as much as my family did!

Excellent, light tasting, not overly sweet

To make the pudding with cornstarch is cumbersome , much better with vanilla pudding and whip cream and easier....

The cake is good I added some confectionery sugar to the pudding and whipped cream filling when combining them. Will make this again the kitchen smelled so wonderful when baking the cake.

I found this cake a quite bland and more of a bread cake but it all depends on what you like since my dad and grandparents found it quite good, I would definietly say that  this cake takes a lot of time and work to make with long breaks inbetween steps so it's more the kind of cake that should be made on occasions. I would not make this cake again because it requires a huge amount of work tho I might consider it if I added a lot more sugar and vanilla.

Fantastic,,,,,

I found this recipe and immediately knew it was German. I'm German at least 45% and I can speak it. My mom loves this cake so I decided to surprise her and bake it. It took me a while to make since I timed how long the dough should rise for. I'm only slightly over a beginner baker but I managed to complete this cake perfectingly. My mom loved it and she's picky when it comes to American baking, no offense intended. I personally didn't like it because of the cream of tartar, but there probably wouldn't be any left if I wanted a second slice!

This was a recipe my mother used to make and I'd forgotten about it until seeing it on All Recipes.  Turned out just as good as I'd remembered.  Perhaps a little time-consuming, but certainly worth it.

