I love this recipe for it's simplicity.  It's so easy to throw together (in one pot no less) and my guests enjoyed it with their beer.  I threw in some caraway seeds to go with the German theme.  Thanks Herbanspoons

I made this tonight very quick and easy I cut the servings down to two and it came out just perfect. Instead of using kosher salt I use Lawry's seasoned salt.I will make it again

I really enjoyed this recipe.  It was really good and the quantity of the ingredient's was spot on. Thank you so much for sharing.

the kids made a fuss about the cabbage.  the 8 year old who loves bacon couldn't understand why I chopped it so small and mixed it with the red stuff, haha, but they scarfed down the chicken.  all the adults loved it.  I made a side of potato dumplings (Schupfnudeln recipe) and store bought apple sauce

Made for my family who were thankful for the home cooked meal,  but it was too sweet for their taste.

We loved this and each bite more than the last! Used a pink lady apple and regular, green cabbage as I didn’t have red. My red onion was on the smaller side so at the last minute, I also added a chopped shallot. Cooking down the cabbage took at least 10 min and cooking down the wine/vinegar- took me another 10 so I could have waited to start the oven until I got to either of these two steps. This smelled heavenly! The flavors of apples, onions, wine and cabbage was reminiscent of a sweet sauerkraut. Perfect Octoberfest dish or, just because it’s fall! Thanks HerbanSpoons!!

Amazingly good - had a red cabbage and looked for a recipe - glad  I found this one!

I loved this recipe! The only change made was I moved it to an oven-capable Dutch oven pot as our large skillet wasn’t quite big enough for the apple, onion, AND cabbage combined. It was luscious. Kids ate the chicken, mostly. No worries, I have some German smoked sausage to serve with the leftover cabbage.

Used boneless thighs, cause that's what we had.  Didn't adjust the cooking times, and it was delicious.  No cinnamon here either.  Will definitely make it again.

Loved it.

