Excellent cake. I've made this for years and everyone who tries it loves it. One thing to mention, the batter will be VERY thick, so it doesn't "pour" very well over the apples. It's best to scoop it out and drop it by spoonfuls and then spread it over the apples. The results are well worth the time.

The cake is definitely beautiful, and definitely moist--which is a bit of an understatement. Very rich and dense with apples, it is actually too "moist" for my liking. Topping the cake as is with a heavy cream cheese frosting was just too much. This probably would have benefited with the addition of one more egg or maybe just less apples. I would have preferred this more "cakey."

This cake is a keeper.  I have added raisins to this recipe.  Aside from that I have followed the recipe to the letter.  It is delicious.  I have made it with and without the cream cheese frosting.

Totally awesome recipe! It's a keeper. The mix seemed a bit dense when placed in the pan, but turned out perfectly. I used pink lady apples. The cream cheese frosting was good but the cake would be just as good without it. My next experiment will be trying to do this recipe as muffins without the frosting.

It was so moist and delicious. It may be the best dessert I ever made. My kids and husband ate it up in no time. I will definitely make this again.  Thank you for this amazing recipe!

I made this cake today for the first time. As such, I followed the directions with no modifications. I can say that at least for my husband and me this cake is among the most delicious things ever to pass our tastebuds! The flavor and texture were perfect for us. The cake is amazingly moist and flavorful ...and the cream cheese frosting knocks it out of the park!

It was easy and tasted great

My goodness!  This may be the best tasting cake I’ve ever had.  I have made it twice and my husband has made it several times.  It always tastes fabulous.  I love it that it’s moist too.  I highly recommend this recipe.

We have an abundant granny smith apple tree going off in the backyard so we made this to bring to a dinner with friends. My husband and I were co-making the recipe and neither realized that we completely omitted the oil - 1 cup worth- until we were driving to our friends.  Neither of us said anyting and eveyrone loved it.  It was a little crispier on the outside, but still moist and chewy -- kinda like corner/edges but all thoughout the cake. We slathered it with cream cheese frosting so that helped bind it, but it was delicsious. I'm making it again tonight and will continue to leave out the oil. I'll add 1/ 2 a cup of plain or vanilla yogurt instead.  We cut the sugar in the cake by about 30% (cake and frosting) and it was plenty sweet.

Only change is that I used ground Saigon CInnamon instead of regular cinnamon.

I suggest using bunt pan for cake. Cake mixture  is more on the doughy side. I did not add nuts to the batter. Scope dough into pan, then do layer of apple slices. Cover with rest of  batter. After icing cake I sprinkled walnuts on top.

