Curing salt contains salt, sugar, nitrites, and nitrates.  The nitrites and nitrates cure the ground meat; without them, you have fresh sausage which should be used within a few days.  Tender Quick is not the same as table, sea, kosher, etc.  If you used table salt in this recipe, you have a very salty fresh sausage.  One tablespoon of Morton Tender Quick is the usual amount used per pound of meat.  If you order Instacure online and use it instead of the Tender Quick, you can then adjust the amount of salt and still have a cured bologna.

Tried this a couple of weeks ago.  Although the over all flavor was good, it was VERY salty. Will try again with some modifications.

Followed this recipe to the letter other than I did cook it about 30 minutes longer. It is fabulous! Will never buy store bought bologna again. For 3 lbs of store bought runs approximately 28.00, this runs around 14.00 for the same amount and tastes great!

Love it!  Good all year but great to give as a Christmas/hostess gift with crackers and cheese. I prefer Wheat Thins or Town House. I love it with a good mustard.

It was a little too salty but not bad.

This did not turn out as expected.  I would not make this again.

Made recipe exactly as written.  Had 5 tasters and all agreed it was way too salty.  They wouldn't even feed to their dogs.  Way to SALTY.   Wasted of time and money.

For a smoother texture more like store bought, use a super fine grind and add a few tablespoons of milk then put the mix in the food process it will be more like a thick paste, use a extra large casing and slow smoke it

made ring bologna added mace and marjoram  cooked in a smoker at  200 degrees 4 hours to 161degrees

morton's tender quick is used 1/2 Tbsp per pound of ground meat.this is calling for twice as much as needed.MTC is 79% salt, so this is why it is tasting salty.scale back the MTC and the recipe should taste fine.

Not the ideal lunch meat but awesome snack meat. Similar to deer bologna. Hard to screw this one up.

