I love to make these! My mother was from Poland and she used sweet pickle instead...both have a great flavor. I also like the way you use the whole piece of meat and roll up.  I would cut it up into 3 pieces and makes smaller rollups which is so much work. and I use toothpicks..my mother also made a saltine cracker stuffing (crushed crackers, chopped onions, 1 egg, Kellogg's corn flake crumbs, and milk) rollup along with the pickle ones. Thanks for posting and the idea of rolling up in one piece!

Meat was ok, but it made the best gravy i have ever had

classic recipe, delicious. When I don't have pickles I use a few capers and its still delicious. To save time I pressure cook them for 20 minutes. The gravy can be modified with carrots too.I find making rouladen a nice touchstone to my family history as Mom made this and saurbraden . It brings back childhood memories.

No changes needed. The meat was very tender and the gravy was delicious!

I did not like it at first but after a couple of changes to the ingredients I thought it was a perfectly fine meal. I served it to my family, and they enjoyed it and they though it was an extremely complicated meal. Even though it was so simple. I am looking forward to trying out some more of Chef Johns recipes in the future.

I have made this several times and it is lovely. It may not be traditional for some folks, but for me it's fine as it is. As seniors, my husband and I have to watch our sodium intake, so I never add salt anywhere and also use low-sodium bacon and broth. Thank you for sharing your simple version.

For the SweetV lady - whether your children like pickles or not - that is for the flavor and they can remove them. IMy mother is German and we often had it for dinner - she added a bay leaf to the gravy.And with either mashed potatoes and red cabbage it is divine.Rouladen freeze well so I also make a bigger batch.My American guests always look for a second roll if they have a very big appetite!

Turned out amazingly! I bought pre sliced beef round from the grocery store which made the job super easy. I also scaled the recipe to make extra gravy using a whole carton of beef stock which worked out perfectly. I mean come on, who doesn't love extra gravy. My only beef was the pickle. Unfortunately I only had store brand pickles which were mushy to start, so after the braise they were pretty much non  existent. Next time I'll use firmer pickles!

This is basically the same as my German mother-in-law's recipe. Except she dumped some flour on the board and pounded the meat on the flour, turned over and pounded the other side, then spread the fillings. The meat made its own gravy with the pounded-in flour, and was easier to roll up too. She fastened it with several toothpicks.She had the butcher slice up a nice plump rump roast into 1/4 inch slices for her.

This is one of my "go-to" German recipes.  I was originally taught by my Oma to use sweet gherkins instead of the dill spear. But as I don't care for either I use spicy Bread & Butter pickles instead.  I also have my butcher slice the beef about 1/8" versus 1/4" - it just works better for me.

YummyMy family enjoyed this beef rouladen dish, I just omitted the pickles my kids don’t have a palette for pickles

