I love this easy recipe.  When I make it (I am Austrian)in the U.S., I grill the sausage (jumbo hot dogs or bratwurst) and use ketchup mixed with curry.  For appearance I sprinkle a little bit of curry on top.  This makes it very easy.  Serve it with a crips Kaiserroll and use toothpicks for eating. I submitted a photo which looks pretty authentic.

in germany this recipe is made with kockwurst, also we use a lot more curry, hence "currywurst", it is served with fresh broetchen (something like a hard roll) which is dipped in the sauce.

Tasted more like tomato sauce wanting to be something else. I may look for other recipes but doubt I’d make this one again.

After reading some of the comments, I added less tomato sauce (2 cans were plenty), bumped up the curry powder and paprika, and used Sriracha for extra zip. A little parsley for garnish worked well too.

I used the German sausage with herbs,  from Aldi,  but I am sure it is good with Kelbassa too.  I always used a packet of curry sauce from Knorr,  that I would pick up while in Germany,  but they have gotten so picky about seasonings coming into the us.,  that I'm happy to have this recipe....excellent.

Fantastic recipe! Wouldn't change anything about it. Made it with brats instead, but dealer's choice I guess.

Made this tonight and it was a hit. Instead of kielbasa, I got bratwurst sausage in the casings and cut them into coins. I fried them up in a skillet, covering occasionally to make sure they cooked through. For the sauce, I added 2 tbsp of curry powder cause I felt like a sprinkling of curry powder on top wouldn’t be enough. I mean, I really like curry, haha. Will add this to the rotation. Thank you!

Pretty close to the real thing :)

This looks like a great recipe for SOMETHING, but whatever it is a recipe for just isn't currywurst.  Beyond the enormous amount of sauce being prepared, and the tiny amount of curry powder, the biggest and most obvious  difference is that currywurst is supposed to be made from bratwurst.

After being married to a German (Coborg), I fell in love with German food, especially from Bavaria. Authentic currywurst is made with knockwurst or bratwurst. Kielbasa is Polish.

the hard part with a great curry sauce is it is really to taste.

family recipe, mix ketchup and a wedge of onion, the rest is really to taste.  brown sugar for sweetness, curry powder and paprika for some spice, and lemon juice.  normally use bratwurst....  even better the next day.

