UPDATE!  My mother called a few weeks ago and mentioned that she had tried making a variation for Valentine's Day with the zest of an orange and 1/8 tsp orange oil.  AMAZING!  and beautiful pressed with a springerle mold and then cut with a heart shaped cookie cutter!

My dough was too moist and I had to add at least half a cup of flour to make them roll-able. I will try the recipe again and see what happens.

I actually used the press with Santa and his reindeer flying over the village pictured at the top of this recipe. The dough was challenging to work with because of its tendency to stick to the press. In most cases you cannot make out the scene, which is the point of using a Springerle press.

I have been making springerles for over fifty years.  I've used this recipe several times.  My only comment might be to give folks a realistic time frame for how long it does take to actually form the cookies.   Depending on which forms are used, it could take several times the  preparation time stated in the recipe.

This was my first attempt at springerle. The first rollout turned out predictably not very uniform or pretty. But once i got the hang of it, the rest are adorable! I ate one of the practice ones warm out of the oven. I was skeptical whether the seeds would provide enough anise flavor. I know it will get stronger with aging. But it is already very evident. Lovely, eggy, vanilla-y... and anise. Just perfect.

My mother used to make Springerle. I loved them but I never learned how to make them.  After she died, we couldn't find her recipe. I've been searching for something close to what she made, and this is it!  They came out perfect the first try.  So delighted with these - I was actually getting teary after I tasted the first one!

The prep time was much longer than the 8 minutes that was stated. It took me an hour and 45 minutes just to make the cookies.

I find the recipe in its present form completely unworkable. I had to add over a cup of extra flour (for 1/2 of the recipe) to be able to roll it out.  Without adding extra flour the dough was chocolate chip cookie consistency that you would spoon out rather than roll out. As a result I had no idea if the final consistency of my dough was right.

This is my first time trying these cookies and I agree with what most have said. They turn out great! At first, I didn't have enough powdered sugar on top and the mold stuck, but I got it the second round.

Love this recipe....I am so happy with the detail on my impressions - clear and crisp.  They seemed to become crisper after baking.  I use a pastry brush to brush off excess powdered sugar after they have baked and cooled.  Looking forward to using this recipe and playing around with different flavors.

The recipe is sound and I think my issue was user error, or at least inexperience. Also, I didn't use anise seeds since DH doesn't like anise. Instead I used 1/4 t of orange oil. They are tasty for sure, but they poofed up a LOT. I'm thinking maybe I didn't let them dry long enough before baking. Not a total disaster, but not photo-worthy either.

