Bravo Patti ! My husband and I have red currents growing in our garden for this very reason !We both know this exact pie from Freiburg,Germany ! This recipe is easy and very delicious !
 I found that it as just as good to use my cuisenart for the dough and then just pat it in firmly into the pie pan . Put the pan in the fridge for 30 minutes and it is ready to be baked. Also the heat of the oven was 360 for  the final 10 minutes.
It also helps to use a "spring form " pan as it is a delicate pie.

This was a huge disapointment.  It was raw berries mixed in meringue. The berries need to be cooked much longer and more sugar should be added. Not much of a pie.

This was so tasty. The sweetness of the cookie-like crust was the perfect counterpoint to the tart currants.

I thought I had lost this recipe and had to seek it out again. Phew. It's a lovely way to use up the glut of redcurrants. It's a bit like a Pavlova on a biscuit base, and you need to bake it for at least 20 minutes, not 10 (I have made this numerous times and had guests begging for the recipe every time.

I had some fresh red currants from my neighbor.  I am so glad I found this recipe. It's a keeper! We love the tartness with just the right enough sugar to get the taste buds firing. 
My neighbor liked it so much she gave me more currants and I made a second batch the next day.  I used a 9x9 pan and called them currant bars. They remind me of lemon bars only better. These are more interesting than the currant jam we've been making. 

We can't wait until next summer when the currants turn ripe again.

I am so glad that I read the reviews as it saves my time by simply pressing the dough in the pan.  I  doubled meringue as my currants are very sour.  I was not crazy about red currants but now I am crazy about this pie!  I have plenty in my backyard.  My German parents will be thrilled that I finally love them.

Made this as is the first time. Terrific. Now I mostly just buy pie dough, bake a crust, and make the filling with whatever fresh fruit we have (blueberries, raspberries, currants).

I made this recipe as-written, but did need to bake for slightly longer.   I had picked and cleaned all the currants the day-of baking.  What we found was that the short crust was far too sweet for us, and within hours of baking the meringue started to become soggy.   I think the meringue needed to bake much, much longer which may have helped.  It was an odd combination of bitter, cloyingly sweet and soggy.  I gave 3/5 stars because it has been humid here, and that may have impacted the results.  It not being to our taste isn't the fault of the recipe.  If I were to make something like this again I would reduce the amount of currants and bake longer.

Fantastic! I made small tarts in 8cm tart pans and they were awesome! The sour taste of the currants is balanced with the sweet meringue and they look super! I dusted them with a bit of icing sugar...alltogether they were a big hit. I used the exact recipe this time, but next time I'll use less sugar in the meringue. One tip: Don't skip the cornstarch, it makes the meringue stickier and more marshmallow-y, so it stays better in the tart pans.

Bakery quality-I stuck to the original recipe except I substituted coconut sugar for white sugar in the crust and I skipped the rolling out and patted the crust directly into the 9" springform pan.  I didn't let my meringue get as brown as the picture and it was perfect.  Thanks for a great recipe!

Tastes like I remember Germany.  Not too sweet; not too tart; just right but rich in flavor.  We had picked most of the red currants and made jelly. Then the other day we looked and the currants that were left were dead ripe; kissed by the sun they were a glorious color.  I saw this recipe on here last year and now thought I would try it. So glad I did.  I am hoping my husband doesnt like it as I could eat the whole thing. I am not looking at the calories; I dont care.  Lovely dessert.  There are enough berries left to freeze a couple of bags so I will try using the frozen berries til winter and see if it works. I made it exactly as the recipe was written so that I could give it a fair review.  It is excellent.  Made this through the past winter, 2017,  with frozen berries.  Just add 1 extra tsp cornstarch and it wont be runny. It was wonderful at Christmas and for Valentines Day.

