I have been living in germany the past 17 years...a "schnitzel" is not cut up in pieces... it is 1 whole piece of meat ... mostly pork. you can also use a cicken breast... you pound the meat so its thin. you bread it with flour, egg, breadcrumbs
fry it in the pan... and the mushroom sauce is right... it comes on top of the "schnitzel" and you serve mashed potatoes and veggies with it. this here is also a german dish tho.... you call it "geschnetzeltes" which means something like "chopped up" and they serve it with rice instead of noodles. its still a good recipie.... just for somone who really wants to have the "german feeling" will get a wrong impression.....

I currently live in Germany and schnitzel is big here. It is better when it's in slices then pounded (like most said), then breaded. Thats the way they make it here and it's always more tender. As long as you season it well, the sauce will turn out well.

Good easy recipe but needs salt pepper and other seasonings in the breadcrumbs or pre-season meat’s would have made it better as for mushroom gravy…don’t chop mushrooms slice them and you’ll only need 1/2 pound of them.

It's good. I made about a half recipe. I used a pork blade chop. I would recommend loin - it would taste better. Gravy didn't thicken. I would recommend ready made gravy in a jar.

Haven't had Jager schnitzel since I was stationed in Germany in the 80s. This was really good, but I have two minor suggestions. First, you don't need that much egg noodles. Second, more gravy. I'd probably try doubling It, though that may be too much. (Did I just say too much gravy???)This was delicious! Keeper.

looove it. I rated it 4 because I deviated a bit. 1st and most important, cubed does not mean chop into cubes. have butcher run pork chop through cubing/tenderiser machine 2 or 3 times. salt and pepper both side, wrap and marinate in fridge for a couple days. I used jared mushroom gravy instead of powdered. 2nd, I coated meat in bread crumbs then egg and again coated bread crumbs. let them set for a couple minutes and I promise you they will melt in your mouth!!! 3rd, remember, serving over rice or noodles read cook times on everything to ensure it's all done at the same time and hot. BTW, my pork chops where soooo tender cut with a fork

In response to Jennabanana...cubing is a tenderizing process and the little indents from the mallet make the steak “cubed”. The meat isn’t cut into cubes. I too lived in Germany for almost 20 years and cubing is a standard process in making schnitzel.

I like the time saver of using condensed soup instead of dry package, but both are nice shortcuts. I cook "schnitzel" often with tougher cuts. For all the "critics" out there that might be interested (?) schnitzel translates basically to "meat with a crust". Some might call beef a chicken fried steak, or breaded cutlet or just plain good food. thanks for the recipe.

This is my go to recipe!  I mix the bread crumbs with a little flour, that's about all I do differently and it's delicious.  Sometimes served with mashed potatoes, sometime noodles.  I've shared this recipe with family and everyone loves it.  Thanks for sharing a great recipe.

ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!

I really enjoyed the recipe.  I even took the mushroom sauce recipe from the back of the envelope of gravy mix, and added red wine and garlic powder to the recipe.  It tastes so good.

