My Grandmother always made these for us. So I took some tips from her. I put the dough in a plastic bag with flour to chill over night. When we are ready to make the cookies, we just take the bag of dough out of the fridge, and roll them into balls and bake them on a greased cookie sheet.  It is fairly sticky though, most recipes like this are. But this way, you don't have to worry about rolling out the dough, and making a sticky mess :)    Also, we wait for the cookies to cool, then dip the top in the lemon glaze, that way more glaze stays on the cookies, and doesn't just slide off of them because they're so hot :)

well, I am no expert, but when I made the dough it was very very sticky -  totally unrollable. Needed more flour. Then once the cookies are made, they are etremely sweet. not the traditional German flavour by my reckoning.

I grew up having my German mom baking these ever Christmas.She passed almost ten years ago. I couldn’t remember the name of these so I didn’t know what to look up. My psychologist is the one that gave me a recipe but couldn’t read the print. I pull it up on Google and have been baking these delicious cookies for 4 years. THANK YOU!!! I’ll try and share them this year lol!

This is almost like my family recipe. In the intro, it says: "Lebkuchen are traditional German Christmas ginger cookies." So I thought this must be different from mine, because there is no ginger in my family recipe. Gee, there is no ginger in this recipe, either. Really need to change the intro, because it isn't a "ginger cookie."

Great recipe! You can use powdered sugar or chocolate for glazing.

Wow, these are delicious!  only addition were a few raisins and dried currants, as well as a little bit of cardamom.  The spices really made this.  loved the lemon glaze.  The longer they set, the better they get.  Thank you so much.  For ease, I did do them in round cookie form then flattened them with the bottom of a glass dipped in sugar.  Made it really easy.  Because there is no oil or fat in these, even on the silpat, they had to cool a bit longer to make removal easier.

Thank you so much for this reliable and delicious recipe. I had never made this type of gingerbread before, and another recipe was a complete fail. This dough is workable but stays chewy and smooth.

I chilled the dough and made traditional cutout hearts, half with royal icing and half with dipped chocolate. They were a huge hit. Can’t thank you enough!

The cookies were a bit too sweet.   Next time I will use regular sugar instead of brown sugar.

Best authentic German gingerbread recipe! This dough is very sticky and you MUST refrigerate overnight. I leave it in my stainless mixing bowl and cover. I make these as bar cookies since it would be impossible to roll and cut shapes. Place a Silpat on cookie sheet and place all the dough on top. Try to spread dough out so it’s not a big ball. Cover with parchment paper and roll flat to about 1/4 inch with hands and rolling pin. It will be stiff but be patient. Peel off parchment when done. Score into squares with sharp knife and place almond slivers. Dough softens as it warms and it should be easy to gently press almonds into place. Bake 30 minutes or until smells done. Outer edges will be more well done than middle cookies. Key is to try to make edges slightly thicker than middle when pressing dough flat. Remove from oven and use sharp knife to score cookies into squares again so they are easy to break apart. Then cover with glaze while warm. Enjoy!

Absolutely scrumptious!  I read all of the previous reviews before I made them and then decided what to do.  The dough is very sticky, I refrigerated it for two days.  When I took it out, I greased my hands with vegetable shortening and made small  balls.  I flattened each ball gently.  I  baked them at 375 degrees for 12-15 minutes until they were firm to touch.  I spread the glaze on them after they were completely cool.  They have a nice firm texture, similar to a ginger snap and the taste is wonderful.  I am very excited to take them to my church event in 2 days.

I had lost my original recipe from back when, this is the closest I've found! Excellent cookie.

