Really, I'd like to see reviews from folks who have tried recipes, instead of nitpicking about what one has chosen to name a recipe.  To be absolutely literal, schnitzel means "cutlet."  Traditional schnitzel is made of veal and is known as weiner schnitzel.  But, this recipe is accurately named, as it a recipe using cutlets.  I have also used a similar recipe to make what I call chicken schnitzel.

That said, this recipe is very good.  I did add a spice blend of salt, pepper, garlic powder and onion powder to the breading.  The whole family loved it.

This, in no way, is a traditional Schnitzel recipe. The traditional German recipe call for the use of pork, specially cut from the loin area. Schnitzel made from beef is nothing but breaded beef!

I used Veal and followed the recipe but I did add lemon zest. That added the perfect touch and it smelled fantastic

twas good

Recipe as written, this is just so, so for me a little bland on flavor unless you count the lemon juice, and I did not think it worked well with the beef cube steak. I will look around for another recipe to use..

this recipe is easy and delicous. I added a bit of garlic powder as well.

We have schnitzel at least once a week in my house. since its hard to find veal in Alabama, using cube steaks sounds alot easier than using the thin pork chops and having to beat them even thinner like i do. I also use plain bread crumbs instead of flour and cornmeal (less messy). Im going to use cube steak next time...Thanks!!

Great German recipie.

Very good!!!! My close German friend showed me a recipe similar to this. You can also make this with sausage too. This is easy to make and delicious. Thank you.

Excellent recipe. The only thing I changed was I substituted boneless pork chops for the cube steaks. My husband raved and raved. He lived in Germany for 8 years and developed a serious addiction to schnitzels. This was very authentic. I'll definitely make it again.

I tried this with the cube steak.  It turned out good but didn't taste like schnitzel to us.   It reminded me of what my Grandmother from Arkansas used to make.  Probably will try it again with pork chops.  Thanks for posting.

