Pilar - I didn't add pickle because I don't care for it, but will eat it if this recipe is made that way.  It doesn't matter what kind of freakin' onion you use in the recipe either.  And,... finally,... a little sour cream in the gravy never hurt anyone.  I am German too, and I take offense to your critique.  My mother is German, and this is basically how she makes it.

Wow this Rouladen are so wrong that ain't even funny I'm german and I never in my whole live heard of making them this way, Original Rouladen have pickles and red onions in it. Also there is no sour cream in those.

I usually pound my choice of steak then cut into 1 inch by 4 inch strips, salt and pepper and a bit of garlic powder,spread yellow mustard, a strip of bacon on each, I use whichever onion I have available at the time but I don't dice it I use thin slices , then the pickle ( I like to use a good zesty garlic pickle spear), roll them up and tooth pick them. Brown in oil , then I add a 12 ounce beer and follow up with beef broth to cover the rouladen rolls. Simmer till tender.  Once tender I remove the rolls and make a gravy using the broth left over.  Then I make latkes ( potato cakes made from grated potatoes, eggs, and flour.  Spoon gravy over the potato cakes and rouladen.   Delicious !!   My mother's family were German also. PS.... I have used sour cream in my gravy... it depends if I have it or not.

Recipe is good, added diced jalapeno for a little kick like oma, quality Dijon mustard and no pickle.  Served on Spätzle with a side salad.

So I finally made this after having saved the recipe a long time ago. The only changes I made were to use real onion, and to add the pickle as recommended. After tasting it, I don't know how you could omit the pickle! It made the dish. The cut of meat was very tough even after pounding and simmering, so I might try it again with a more tender cut.

Raised by a German Grandmother and there was Always a pickle (kosher dill) and sour cream.  Good Recipe. Thanks

DebbyO:This dish has a couple of regional versions that can be quite different (for example, the version produced nearer to Berlin tend to add cabbage, and the areas around Leipzig and the Czech border tend to use pork instead of the beef used here). This version is from the western side of Germany, probably from one of the areas near the French border. I agree with Pilar that the type of onion does make a difference: yellow onion is less common in Germany and has a milder flavor; German cooks tend to use red onions more, and red onion does produce a sharper taste that complements the pickle. German pickles are very sour, so the additional flavor profile adds another dimension to the dish, but if you don't like them, you do you.A German cook would probably substitute some quark (a sour creamy cheese) for the sour cream listed here, but that's up to the cook. German spicy mustard (sanft) also tends to have a more robust formula than dijon, which will also change the flavor quite substantially (I like it, but I'm accustomed to it, so YdY) -- you just need to make sure it gets completely combined. Others have mentioned using all beef broth instead of water; I think that improves the dish a lot.That said, this variation is quite acceptable. Thanks for sharing it.

My grandmother always added a spear of dill pickle and and a stick of carrot to the rolls. No sour cream!   Always loved it!

Similar to what my Dad used to make, only he used ground sausage instead of bacon.

This was a nice change up at Christmas dinner. I used a flank steak, it came out a little chewy but tasty, and I would try it again with a different cut of meat that could be flattened more. The sour cream made a good gravy sauce. Dont be inteimated by the mustard, the flavor is blended nicely after being cooked down.

Gravy tastes good but I’ve never heard of rouladen without a pickle .. that’s what makes it! Very weird and definitely not how a true German would cook it. But add in a pickle and Dijon and the recipe is great!

