This recipe is very similar to the 1950's Luchow recipe...it's astoundingly good.  I make mine without the breadcrumbs, and with only one egg.  

Also, I do a sour cream mushroom gravy to go with it.  Once the chops are removed from the pan to a warm plate, I saute mushrooms and shallots in a 2 tbsp of butter and a tbs or two of brandy, and stir in 2 tbs of fresh sour cream...it's a yummy finisher to this most delicious of recipes.

This was really easy to prepare and cooked up quickly too. My family just wasn't impressed though, they both rated this a 3. They offered no suggestions as to what would have improved this. My son ate his with plum sauce and liked it that way better that way. They thought this was dry and needed a sauce of some type. Thanks, I enjoyed preparing something new.

I've made this 50 times but this recipe is skewed and not authentic!  Married to a German and even lived there for awhile.  1st off:  NO cheese of any kind; 2nd - PRESS firmly the bread crumbs into the meat - really push with your palm; 2A - you don't need to refriger. them before cooking - I never have; 3rd - you CAN use part oil and butter mixed;  4th - don't overcook them; 5th - serve with generous amounts of lemon wedges and spray that juice all OVER them when  schnitzels  are cooked.

This is not a recipe for Wiener Schnitzel. Real Wiener Schnitzel is not made with Parmesan cheese. Neither nutmeg nor parsley are added to the egg. Milk  is also not used.

Worked as a bartender a couple of weeks ago at a huge Oktoberfest and this was served, was great so when the recipe popped up this morning I said I had to try it. Didn't change anything, covered it with marinara sauce (I am Italian) and served with pasta. Was great. The one at Oktoberfest had gravy and sauerkraut

Love this recipe. I add extra  Parm cheese and some Franks Red Hot Sauce to the egg. How the recipe stand is still very good, so five stars.

Follow this recipe pretty much all the time with one exception. I use olive oil with maybe a small amount of butter. Have done with both veal and pork loin and find the pork tastier. This is pretty much veal or pork Milanese with the addition of the Parmesan cheese. Good that way as well

If you substitute the boneless pork chops for veal using pasture pork you'll end up with a more juicy piece of meat also marinating the pork chops will also help making the meat more juicy hope you enjoy as much as we did

"Boneless pork chops can also be substituted for veal...."  This is a bit like the common confusion between Shepherd's Pie (made with ground lamb) and Cottage Pie (made with ground beef).  Strictly speaking, while something very similar to Wiener Schnitzel can be made with either boneless pork or chicken cutlets, true Wiener Schnitzel ("cutlet Vienna style") is made only with veal.  When made with pork it is Schweinschnitzel nach Wiener Art ("pork cutlet a la Vienna") and with chicken it is Huhnschnitzel nach Wiener Art ("chicken cutlet a la Vienna").

I couldn't find veal so I've made this with pork loin.  Great recipe!  The parsley and Parmesan make really tasty.

I guess folks in MN like charcoal. I reduced the cooking time to less than 2 minutes a side and it was still as dry as shoe leather. Must be a Midwest thing.

