I followed the recipe exactly and I'm happy I did.  I'm not normally a fan of Caraway seeds, but they weren't overpowering in this dish.   My better half is using just so-so about sauerkraut (I love it) but with the apple and brown sugar, it had a bit of a sweetness to it that she enjoyed and I thought was good too.   The roast came out juicy and tender.   This was the very first time ever that my  lady didn't go for steak sauce with a pork roast, which is a huge success for both my  kitchen and for this recipe.   Thank you for a great one.

IF you have to drain and rinse the sauerkraut why not just use some chopped cabbage? once sauerkraut is rinsed it loses most of its original flavor and I might add most of its health benefits  also. You can drain 1/2 the liquid ad then add a little chicken broth  or water to temper the sourness if you wish  but never rinse

I love this recipe! Absolutely perfect!

The pork was tender and delicious, but if you like the flavor of sauerkraut this recipe takes it out.

Everything was delicious except the pork which was super dry.

OOPS!!!!!!!! Now that I'm reviewing the recipe I see that no chicken broth was used. Will try it again in a month or so.

I'm not fond of caraway seeds so I left those out. I put more brown sugar in mine and tripled the recipe for sauerkraut and used a 3 pound pork butt roast.
I also didn't want to waste my smoked bratwurst links so I used these instead of Kielbasi.

I have never cared for sauerkraut but this was very good!

I omitted the caraway because I don't like it, and replaced the wine with beer. Turned out Fantastic!!!!

Have made this many times, always turns out tender, very tasteful .

To be fair, I didn't use the bacon drippings because I didn't have any nor the keilbasa since I didn't want it in the meal but I wouldn't make again.  Not the flavor I was looking for.

IF you have to drain and rinse the sauerkraut why not just use some chopped cabbage? once sauerkraut is rinsed it loses most of its original flavor and I might add most of its health benefits  also. You can drain 1/2 the liquid ad then add a little chicken broth  or water to temper the sourness if you wish  but never rinse

