My Polish mother-in-law makes the very best kielbasa & cabbage and there is one ingredient you MUST add to this recipe. Red wine.  Substitute the water with red wine after the cabbage has cooked down, and simmer with the rest of it.  Delish!!

I bought a value pak of kielbasa from Costco, so I was looking for ways to cook with this.  This recipe caught my eyes with simple ingredients and very little prep time.  Great for working class gal like me.  I took some of the reviewers' advice and added minced garlic and red pepper flakes to the pot.  Instead of using margarine, I just used olive oil, healthier.  I couldn't find savoy cabbage so I used green cabbage.    Cook time is a little longer than per recipe, probably because I used green cabbage instead.  BF loved the dish.  To me, it was just A-OK.  The red wine vinegar threw me off a bit, but still tasty.  I probably won't make this dish again.  I will probably go for recipe that doesn't call for vinegar next time.

Looks great smells good can’t wait to eat  easy to setup one pan cooking

Just cooked Kielbasa (beef) and added cabbage with 4 oz water on low......salt & pepper.  Cooked slowly....it was delicious.

Wonderful recipe! Followed the advice to add red wine rather than water- always happy to use red wine in a recipe.  Instead of using canned potatoes I peeled potatoes, sliced them thin and sautéed it with the onion.

Made this tonight for dinner, using all fresh, local ingredients. Didn't have kielbasa, so I used fresh, sweet Italian sausage and it was delicious! Will definitely make this recipe again.

Tasty!

Delicious. Took the above mentioned advice and added red wine instead of water. Delicious!!!  Easy too!!!

Used red wine instead of water (as others suggested) and white wine vinegar instead of red. Added minced garlic with the onions. Used carrots instead of potatoes and added green bell pepper and leftover steamed green beans.

Great easy go to for a busy night.  I added a TBSP of caraway seeds for a bit of extra flavor.

i  used a small amount of Baslamic Vinegar in stead of red wine.  Came out fine and husband was happy.

