Oh, my goodness.  My girlfriend and I have been making these for over 34 years together in batches of 100-120 at a time.  They freeze great.  Just BEWARE:  Everyone wants the recipe and they will steal them if the get the chance.  Thanks, Kim, first time I've "seen" the recipe.  We made ours off scribbled notes of a German grandmother.  Easier way to do the dough is to use a bread machine recipe for dinner rolls.

I think my first mistake was using refrigerated breakstick dough.  It was harder to work with than I imagined and almost all of my pockets didn't seal.  Second, I thought that 3tbs prepared mustard meant refrigerated French's mustard.  I used 2tbs Yellow and 1 tbs Brown, but that was all you could taste was just yellow mustard.  Third, I sliced my cabbage and it was in long thick pieces - I tried to chop it at that point...  Was I supposed to grate it?  I think by not understanding the recipe I ruined it.

I don’t usually have powdered milk on hand so I just use warm milk in place of the warm water. Turns out great either way!

2 cups of  water and only 4 cups of flour?  Plus 1/2 cup shortening?  I think not.  I am already up to 6 cups....and is still not in a ball.  Something is up.....

This is a most delicious recipe once you fix the dough. I am sure it has already been pointed out that you must add more flour than 4 cups. I would do a minimum of 4 1/2 cups with a well dusted surface to knead on. I am not sure why the recipe has not been fixed, but if you start kneading this dough after using 4 cups of flour, you'll have a soupy mess.

I really enjoyed this recipe. It was my fist foray into making a dough that required a lot of kneading and I was afraid I’d screw it up. Speaking of which, that’s my one gripe with this recipe. I had to add tons of extra four beyond what it calls for. I sure appreciate those who prepared me for this eventuality.

I grew up with these called gropulas, my friend in Missouri calls them Runzas. I added more cabbage used green onions and an egg wash. They came out better than I remembered.

Followed recipe exactly and they were FABULOUS!! Geez, the filling alone can be eaten by the bowl-full, its THAT good! 
Initially, these were made for a road trip because we're kind of over fast food and restaurant food and wanted to try something besides the ham and cheese sandwiches. These did NOT disappoint, even at room temperature.  We had plenty of additional bierocks that were truly enjoyed the remainder of the week.

1 and 1/3 kg of flour.
1 cube of fresh yeast
2 cups of whole milk, no water.
Double sugar and shortening

Beat 1egg + 1 teaspoon of oil and paint them before oven.

16 large buns

Always a favorite!

Seriously good eats here!  I used half sweet and half hot Italian sausage, along with 3 cups of sauerkraut (drained).  The filling seemed a tiny bit dry so I added some beef broth.  I used half shredded cheddar and half shredded fontina cheeses because that's what I had.  As another review noted, the dough is very stretchy so you can use a lot of meat to get a good bread to meat ratio.  I made them in different sizes and what worked best was about the size of regular hamburger bun.  This took about a 2 inch ball of dough rolled out and then stretched to go around about a 1/3 cup of meat.  Will be making again!

