I doubled this recipe (I actually had two day-old Kaiser rolls to use, believe it or not) and actually made meatballs out of them. I set half aside for tomorrow and used the other half to make Swedish Meatballs in a homemade cream sauce. Delicious!

Neither myself or my husband liked this recipe.  I made it into a meat loaf rather than burgers or meatballs but I followed the recipe as stated.  We didn’t like the consistency and it was quite bland.  Not sure why it got so many rave reviews.

Every frikadelle I’ve ever seen or eaten is shaped differently, kinda like a torpedo and then breaded with breadcrumbs on the outside. Otherwise it’s pretty traditional. Loved to see it pop up! Einigkeit u. Recht u. Freiheit!

I German and you beat me on this one ,Thank you it's what I was looking for awesome 👌

This is a meal that is celebrated in many countries! Especially Europe and the Scandinavian countries. Part of the appeal is those seared edges and the softer centers. Putting the whole blob in a loaf pan and cooking as a loaf with NONE of the seared edges is not the recipe. If you want a meatloaf, make a meatloaf. If you want Frikadellen, follow the directions. But do not slam someone's recipe because you screwed it up and didn't like the mess you made. I do not think folks who totally change a recipe should have their rating counted. Just saying.

Delicious if properly seared, of course. Or you could change the recipe to a meatloaf and complain about it.

I followed the recipe exactly, but used dried minced onions instead of fresh. They were delicious! I tripled the recipe and froze the extras. The burgers are very tasty and moist. Served like an American hamburger on a bun with mayo, mustard, relish. and ketsup. Have made these twice, and my husband loved them!

Made as written.  Very traditional German cooking, which brought back fond memories of my childhood. Thanks for sharing.

Great recipe!!! This works well with unflavored breadcrumbs too. I used Smoked paprika, not hot and added fresh Thyme. It always goes well with German dishes. We serve it with either a white milk gravy or saute mushrooms and serve with Hunter Gravy. It goes really well with a chilled cucumber/onion salad.

I'm not sure I've ever tasted Frikadellen so bland. I gave it a shot... even though there were so many ingredients missing. Where's the mustard, mace, onion, marjoram, milk, cardamom, etc? Luckily, I was able to crumble the meat and make s.o.s. with it. Wasn't good for much more than that.

Love love love this recipe!! Made as described. Very tasty and just yummy!

