This was an excellent recipe. We all loved it. I used whole rice instead of white... and I used a little extra meat. When we came back from the bar later on in the evening we had some left overs and topped it with some BBQ sauce or some mustard and it was awsome!

We all loved it the first night we had it but it didn't taste as good leftover. If I make it again I will cut the recipe in half.

It was really great. I upped the garlic a little bit along with the raisins.

Made this by chance as was looking for a “German” side dish for family gathering. Was a hit. No leftovers. Excellent use of quality bratwurst.

great dish. easy to assemble and cook

This dish took a little more time to create and it was well worth it......just be sure to use "Bavarian" style sauerkraut, it is milder and will not overwhelm your dish.  YUM!!!

This is a family favorite and so easy to convert to a pressure cooker. I redid the serving size for 5, sear everything adding mushrooms because I don't like raisins. I squeeze and drained the sauerkraut into a cup and added low sodium chicken stock until the liquid reached 2 cups. I added the squeezed and drained sauerkraut to the sauteed meat and veggies with the garlic and fennel seed and soup base and added 2 cups of rice, the liquid and pressed the rice button. Perfect rice every time.

This is a family favorite and so easy to convert to a pressure cooker. I redid the serving size for 5, sear everything adding mushrooms because I don't like raisins. I squeeze and drained the sauerkraut into a cup and added low sodium chicken stock until the liquid reached 2 cups. I added the squeezed and drained sauerkraut to the sauteed meat and veggies with the garlic and fennel seed and soup base and added 2 cups of rice, the liquid and pressed the rice button. Perfect rice every time.

We didn't use all of the ingredients and we changed it by that way. But I believe me and my hubby are going to make it again and possibly follow the recipe more better. Cause I just don't think it was a good night to make it. Oh well, there's definitely always another time. Lol

This was very good. I forgot the raisins but will use next time. I used chicken broth and only 1 tsp chicken bouillon paste. I stirred the rice as per the directions and it did not stick. I couldn't find Bavarian sauerkraut so used a jar of sauerkraut with carrots

this recipe is a keeper.  I actually didn't know what to expect, but I was looking for a recipe with brauts (sp), and when I found this one it seemed perfect simply because I also had an open container of sauerkraut that needed to be used up and 4 cups of rice already cooked.  The only thing I did different was to use that rice and add one cup more of uncooked rice plus two cups of water instead of 3 cups of uncooked rice and 6 cups of water ( so it's actually the same amount of rice in the end as the recipe) and I didn't have raisins so I left them out.  it came out very delicious, actually slightly sweet which i certainly didn't expect.  My friend called it comfort food and said she could eat it every night.  One suggestion I would add is that once you add your uncooked rice and water, stir it once, then turn the heat down to a simmer, cover it and leave it for about 12 minutes.  Do Not stir. if you stir it you have to keep stirring it or it will stick.  If you leave it alone and cook covered for 12-15 minutes it will be perfect.

