My only suggestions to make this recipe closer to Pfeffernusse made in Germany, are: Use more pepper, and use white instead of black.  One and a half to twice the amount of pepper will give the "nuts" a real peppery zing.  Also, don't spare the XXXX sugar coating.

These cookies were OVER THE TOP Spicy!! Not a cookie for the faint of heart!  (The taste hangs on your palate for hours.)  So if you want a spicy blast, by all means, try this one.  

Also they puffed up quite high, and looked more like domes than walnuts; but maybe that's because I used all butter for shortening? (I refuse to buy trans fats.)  I have to say the soft texture was very nice - and they looked especially pretty dusted with the confectioners sugar. But hold on to your socks and mittens! :)

This produced a great tasting cookie that got better with age. I did fit hat the cookies spread more than I expected.

In step 1, it doesn't become "creamy"; expect "liquid". Beat in eggs with beater. In step 2, expect a crumby mixture. In step 4, you will be packing into balls, not rolling, approximately 7/8" diameter sphere, for those who have never seen an acorn. Ungreased cookie sheet. I had to go 20 minutes at 325. This is an excellent array of spices. It will reward you for using fresh stock. I agree with double the pepper, and use mostly white pepper. I recommend a double batch, and prepare yourself with a mug of milk handy when sampling.

Loved the unique flavor, easy to make. I made them too big , they do rise quit a bit,  so next time I will go for much smaller. I followed someone's idea to roll them into logs and cut into one inch slices. Just make sure the log is only an inch round, mine were bigger. I thought they were so good even without the powder sugar, so we are eating them plain.  My daughter told me they have become her favorite for Christmas cookies.

Excellent.  As good as what my mother used to make. Unfortunately her recipe is long gone. I will be making these again. I added the spices to the warm molasses mixture to allow them to "bloom" thus enhancing their flavors.

Great recipe.  I changed a couple things like heating the spices in a small pan with honey,molasses, tablespoon of water or coffee.  After mixing the dough together , wrap up in bowl with plastic wrap a few days before baking.  Letting spices mature

I am 67 years old been making these cookies since I was 14 I lost the original recipe 20 years ago this recipe is perfect just like the one from the 30s thank you so much!

They turned out perfectly! The inside texture was Soft and moist while , the outside texture Had just the right amount of delicate crispiness to it. The spices were well balanced, and I really loved the slight kick of the pepper. Actually, I think I might even put in a little extra pepper next time. This will be my new go to recipe for Christmas.

My husband despises powdered sugar and anise, so I substituted turbinado sugar and vanilla extract- they still came out fantastic!  It's a go-to for our gingerbread alternative for the holidays.

My Mom used to make these every Christmas and I lost the recipe.  So happy to see this one.  One thing my family did with these is to split the dough into about four sections and then rolled them out into a long "rope" about a half inch in diameter.  They were then chilled overnight or longer.  We'd then slice them into little cookies and bake what we needed.  They were so nice to have on hand when unexpected company dropped by over the holidays.  They also go well in little bags.  In our family, we liked dropping a few in our coffee.

