I subbed arrowroot starch for the flour for a gluten free version and it rocked the house.  I cooked the whole chicken for about 20 minutes on 350* then it was time to go for the run so I turned it down to 200* and was gone about 2.5 hours.  When I got back it was perfect. so very perfect.  scraps will make a fabulous bone broth!

I followed this recipe exactly and I will say the seasoning blend was fabulous, I took it out of the oven when my thermometer beeped 165 and the white meat was very dry while the dark meat was perfect. I will make this again but with leg quarters only. Thank you for the recipe!

I've made this many times as per the recipe and it is a favorite. I've not had problems with the meat drying out. It's always moist.  I make sure to get as far under the skin as possible when basting, not just on the surface.

Fabulous, just fabulous.  I see a lot of reviewers cook it on a lower heat.   I was skeptical as well but did it at 425 degrees per recipe.  I'll never cook chicken at a low heat again.  No more 350 degrees for me!!  Some say it was dry.  You need to use a meat thermometer.  Pull it out at 165 degrees.  Don't take the cooking time literal as there are many factors involved, like size of chicken.  These spices are just wonderful.  I made it exactly as written and love it.  I make it all the time.  Use all of the spices, that's what makes this such a great recipe!

This was a big hit with my husband and kids, even my picky kid. I couldn't find caraway so I substituted a smaller amount of anise. It was great!

This is a great recipe. I have tried it on a spatchcocked chicken and on turkey wings.  I would double the spices. Maybe spread spread  spices morning or evening. We place carrots and small peppers in with it the last 45 minute. And then mix in brown rice. Spice blend is excellent.

It was good, but I doubled up on the paste.

Your Chicken is too dry

Cooked at 430* for 1 hr and 5 min on convection roast in an electric oven (because my gas oven is broken), sat for 10 mins, perfectly cooked and juicy, fall-off-the-bone dark meat and flavorful white meat. Love this recipe!

I had two 6LB whole chickens. Tripled the recipe and rubbed all over the whole chicken (didn't cut chicken in half). Roasted on a rack in a roasting pan at 450 for 15 mins. then 350 for 2 hours. The chicken was moist and so flavorful. Will definitely make again and you can use this spice rub on any cut of chicken.

I’ve made this several times!  Just as recommended!  I do actually double the seasoning! I’ve used whole chicken and with split breasts.  But you must use skin on!

