This was super easy with the slow cooker and very close to authentic Sauerbraten that my family use to make when I was young.  I was not able to find juniper berries, but it did not seem to effect the recipe.  I was really skeptical about the gingersnap cookies in the gravy, but it worked beautifully and produced a wonderful sauce.   Will definitely be keeping this one to make for large family dinners in the future.

I really had high expectations for this. I used to have sauerbraten at a German restaurant in the Amana Colonies in Iowa every couple of years and for days or even weeks afterwards I would think of that meal and think to myself "Man, I really need to learn how to make that". I love sauerkraut on Reubens or brats and I always buy the good stuff that's refrigerated and not the canned junk.

Somewhat unusually for me I followed the measurements to a T with the exception of juniper berries which I could not find at the store plus I added a couple of extra gingersnap cookies because they looked small to me (about the size of a half dollar). I marinated the meat for  2 & 1/2 days. I also cooked this in a Dutch oven where I browned the meat on all 4 sides first before adding the liquid and brought it just to a boil and then put it in a 250 degree oven for just under 4 hours. The meat came out almost fall apart tender.
The taste of the meat was fine. As long as you got a little from the outside of the roast it had a nice little kick of sour to it's taste. My problem was with the gravy. It was way too sour and I usually like big, bold tastes.  I used exactly 1 cup of cider vinegar. I ground the cookies up in a food processor and they thickened the gravy up a little too much so I was getting as much sugar from the cookies as possible. It was still way too sour in addition to being too thick so I added about a cup of water and that toned it down a tiny bit but it was still too strong.

my family loves this I never have leftovers. they fight to take some for later.

Delicious. No juniper berries, but we didn’t miss them. I followed directions exactly, except I finished it after cooking all day, then separated the liquid and refrigerated everything until the next day. Skimmed off the fat on top, then made the gravy, and warmed it all while making the mashed potatoes. YUM.

Yes! This is the closest I've come to making sauerbraten that tastes like I used to get at the school carnival as a kid! I did add the juniper berries and followed all the directions, with one change--I added in about twice the number of gingersnaps for the gravy. Yum, yum yum! Thank you!

Only change I did was to marinade it for 5 days and increase the number of gingersnaps to 12 (they were kinda on the small size).

Added a tablespoon of sugar to the gravy and four more ginger snaps. Meat was tender and delicious!

I’d like to start by saying I’ve never had sauerbraten before. I had nothing in the realm of this specific roast to compare it to. But I will say that compared to a regular old pot roast with the French onion soup mix etc.- it’s fantastic. The gravy is excellent. I added a few more than eight cookies on accident, I was definitely eating ginger snaps while cooking! I tried to follow the recipe because I believe in not making a massive amount of substitutions. I’d like to see what the author of the recipe intended. That being said, I couldn’t find juniper berries and I forgot celery at the store. So all in all, I got pretty close to the recipe. And I’ll be making it again- still I’m adding extra cookies next time because the gravy was, dare I say, better than any other I have tasted. But hopefully next time I can find juniper berries and remember the celery! I was going to make potatoes but I made a huge batch of pierogis to throw on the side (and froze the other thirty!) Wonderful recipe.

FINALLY an easy and perfectly tasty way to make the Sour Beef & Dumplings I'm used to. My family and I always ate this for Christmas every year and I just found out my grandmother has been cheating the last few years by getting a platter of this from Silver Spring Mining Company Restaurant (which is also extremely phenomenal)... but I don't want to cheat anymore and wanted to make this for christmas this year. Tried this recipe out Boss Lady Debbie's Easy Potato Dumplings and it's PERFECT. i actually had to add just a little bit of red wine vinegar and cornstarch to the sauce to get it to my personal liking but.... so easy compared to these other recipes online. I also marinated the beef for 6 days.

LOVE this recipe. I marinated a  3.5 lb bottom round roast for 2.5 days. I couldn’t find juniper berries for  the marinade but it didn’t affect the taste.  We actually looked forward to leftovers it was that good.  I served it with buttered boiled  red potatoes and roasted butternut squash. Since that’s what I had on hand.  This is a WINNER!

Made this today and  WOW- A Winner!! I marinated  a beef borrow round for 2.5 days and it was very tender and tasty. I served it with buttered red potatoes and roasted butternut squash ( recipe on All recipes).  Will definitely make again!!

