I grew up this this recipe. My mother gave it to me back when I got married 20+ years ago and it is loved by my wife and kids. My wife likes the pickles in, but my sons and I don't. I usually have to make 8-10 large ones to feed the family.
Make sure the mustard has horse radish in it. Yum!

To make it a little easier, I use "sandwich steaks". They're cut thin to begin with and I additionally pound (tenderize) them further sandwiched between plastic wrap or wax paper. The process is the basically the same from there.

I brown them and place them in a pot with 2-3 cans of beef broth. I also add a bay leaf or two. Two smahed cloves of garlic. (Taken out later) Also a tablespoon of the mustard and a couple of peppercorns are added to the broth. I usually will also add a little worchestershire sauce. I use a medium colored roue (spelling?) to thicken the gravy after I take the rolls out of the pot.Don't forget to remove the bay leaf, garlic, and peppercorns. Let them cook for a good long time until they barely hold together. 

We serve them with plain boiled russets and top it with the gravy.

Unless I missed reading something this recipe is missing a very important component, the gravy. While the meat is simmering, add a bay leaf to the broth. At the end of cooking time discard the bay leaf. Prepare gravy by using brown gravy mix or flour. I grew up in Germany. My Dad made the best rouladen! Good gravy is absolutely essential to this recipe!

I love this dish but I put it on a sausage bun and eat it like a hot dog

Love this dish. If made correctly you will never regret making it. It's super easy to make and beyond delicious

This recipe is insipid without the gravy! After the rolls are nicely sautéed on all sides I remove them, sautéed some onions in the same pan, remove onions and make gravy in same pan with some butter, flour water, you could add a bouillon cube or some bouillon granules here. When gravy is thickened ( and I ensure there is plenty of it) I put the rolls and onions back into pot and simmer. I serve this with German potato dumplings ( you can buy a package to make them) and cooked red cabbage with a bit of apple added!

i made this for large and small groups, for several years. at first most people were apprehensive because they had never heard of rouladen. but once they tasted it, they loved it and usually had seconds... or thirds!

This is one of my absolute favorite meals!  I thicken the gravy and make spaetzel with it!

This is a fantastic old childhood memory recipe. I rediscovered because thinly sliced meat was on sale and it reminded me.I had no bacon but used smoked salo, and Spicy beans instead of dills.Now it’s time to experiment.

This is such a great recipe!  I’ve made it a number of times and it  always comes out perfect.

We used flank fillets, they were a bit difficult to roll, but these are DELICIOUS!!  It's reminiscent of a hamburger without a bun!  The pickles literally melt in your mouth!  This was a surprising dish, and delicious!

Decided to give this a try. It was pretty good, but we weren't too sure about the pickles in it. They seemed to make everything just taste like pickle. I think I will try this again but maybe omit the pickles, use a lot less of them, or maybe replace them with pickled pearl onions.

