I love these cookies.  They remind me of my grandmother's cookies from Germany.  I make the recipe exactly as is BUT after I pull them from the oven I put them in a bag of powdered sugar and coat them.  Then I let them sit for 3 - 5 days.  Sometimes I coat them again with powdered sugar before serving.

The measurements for this is incorrect, you cannot get 4 cups of flour into the amount of butter and eggs.  You either have to cut the flour down to 2 cups or increase the butter to 1.5 cups and add 1 more egg.  Once I did that the cookie dough would actually stick together and not just fall apart.  The other thing is that the picture has them covered in powered sugar, however there is no mention of that ingredient in the recipe.

these are so good and so addicting.  I'll be making them every year now.

The measurements for this is incorrect, you cannot get 4 cups of flour into the amount of butter and eggs.  You either have to cut the flour down to 2 cups or increase the butter to 1.5 cups and add 1 more egg.  Once I did that the cookie dough would actually stick together and not just fall apart.  The other thing is that the picture has them covered in powered sugar, however there is no mention of that ingredient in the recipe.

I will make again. I think I put too much butter in as they flattened out a bit and I will double the spices as previous reviews have.

Super recipe. I added both black and white pepper, and was pretty reckless with the spices. Love the kick!

Nice flavor but too dry.  Followed others' suggestions and doubled spices, but omitted white pepper all together.  I plan on trying these again, but will definitely add some moisture to the dough.

They taste great but they also smell like Christmas in Germany.

The cookie is ok, but they are so many other kinds that I would rather have.  I will admit that I am rating this before the three day period in the frig.  It the get better, I will report back.

I made these cookies per the recipe as written and then rolled them in powdered sugar when they were cooling.  They were okay, the pepper sneaks up on you, but all of the other spices were not strong enough for my taste buds.  I bought all new spices this holiday season, so it wasn't that the spices lost some of their potency,  If I make the recipe again, I will be sure and double everything except the pepper.  I did add the almonds, but didn't really notice too much almond flavor, so next time I might just skip them and see.  I always try to make a recipe as written the first time I make it, despite the other reviews.

Made these today.  I'll admit I cheated and tried just one so far.  The rest are set aside for a few days as the directions suggest.  I did add an additional egg as the dough was very stiff and really giving my Kitchenaid a workout.

