Good and simple way to use up egg whites: I added only 1/4 tsp cinnamon and a pinch of mace. Next time I’ll decrease the sugar by 1/4 cup and increase the almond flour to maybe a 1/2 cup depending on texture. Again a tasty cookie w both crunch and a nice center chewiness and a great departure from my usual marzipan and or Italian almond cookies as a way to use up egg whites.

Instructions lack full detail/content.  It states 4 ingredients but does not list "ground almonds", which would make 5 ingredients.  Yet, in directions, Step 2 states "Combine ground almonds and cinnamon in a bowl and fold into the egg white mixture ."  No where does it state to add the listed ingredient of 1 1/2 cups almond flour.  So, after whipping egg whites for 15-20 minutes on HIGH, I added 2/3 cup GROUND almonds  with cinnamon and added 1 1/2 cups ALMOND FLOUR while following the rest of Instructions.  Mixture became more like sticky cookie dough.  They baked with 1 teaspoon of dough on parchment paper.  Servings: 28 cookies.  Taste is a 2 on the index.

Well, I have to disagree... I think they were very good, although I DID also add almond extract, or they would have indeed been bland!

I beat the egg whites over 40 minutes and they never got stiff peaks,  only soft peaks. I used room temperature egg whites and clean utensils.  SO..  they baked flatter.  Tasted ok but don't think I will try these again.  A waste of my time.

The almond flavour pretty good but I was generous with the almond meal and took an earlier reviewers suggestion to put in almond essence. 
It is important to put them on the cooling rack straight away and be ready with a flat knife to dislodge from the paper (I actually was using silicon mats) otherwise they will sweat and get a little soggy on the base.   
I cooked the first batches for 15 minutes but going to 20 minutes didn’t really make them a lot more drier - just darker.   The bigger ones are 2 1/2 teaspoon heaps slightly spread.   The little ones are just a single teaspoon heap ... the plan is to squish them together and make macaroon-like cookies.

Love these! Substituted swerve for the sugar to make them low carb. Taste like little marzipan cookies

Forgettable. As directed, these tasted like farina cereal with cinnamon sprinkled on top. No taste of almonds whatsoever. Since I tasted some before baking it all, I tried to salvage the rest by adding almond extract. This improved the  taste somewhat, but definitely not worth making in my opinion.

