I've always wondered how to make that meat that they use in gyros, and I'm glad that I found this recipe. The meat in the gyro "kits" that I usually buy is SO greasy, that I would only buy them on a rare occasion. I really enjoyed making these, and knowing what was going into it. I did need to bake it for close to an hour and a half to get to 165 degrees. Other than that, I followed the recipe. I made Tzatziki Sauce I (also from this site), and they turned out really good. Thanks for sharing BetterCookingForSingleFathers!

Very good , what I did was did 1.5 of the spices to give it more flavor and I did a overnight in the fridge , came out soo good !! I also put some weight on it at the end.

Really good. Skipped the cheesecloth in step 1 and skipped step 4 since both meats were already ground, not sure what value (and another dirty dish) this step would add? That being said, in my oven, this took an hour and a half to get to temp (165).  Is that the secret?? Maybe. I was checking every 10 min, and suddenly! It was 175! Yikes! So now a tad dried out but not deducting stars as that is on me.  And once everything was in a pita with all the toppings? Couldn’t tell it was a bit over cooked. Good flavor and while hard to slice a meatloaf thinly, this was a good recipe! Made Tzatziki Sauce by Dinah from this site and wow! A filling meal. I would make this again. Fun and glad we tried! Thanks BetterCookingForSingleFathers!! Fun!

Didn't have any Hummus. How does that change the taste?

delicious!!

I think it needs more of the spices. But, it was really good and I will make it again with more lamb meat.

I have been wanting to try my hand at gyros for years. Finally I got to stuff myself with this delicious recipe. I was out of lettuce but the sandwich was still very good. And I have plenty of meat and tzatziki for later.

I acquired some ground lamb so it was the perfect time to try this recipe. It calls for  a lot of spice and I was afraid it would be over seasoned but it was very good. I didn't have the individual spices like marjoram, oregano and thyme so I used an Italian spice blend which contains all three.  There are a lot of flavors going on with this recipe which I liked very much. If I acquire some lamb, I will do it again.

I also had to cook longer and desire more spice. Next time I’m going to do in the oven and then put in on the smoker with the rotisserie attachment and see if I can get the outside skin to crisp more.

this was my first time making gyro meat n it came out superb...my food processor broke but I used my stand up mixer with the panel attachment n it worked perfectly...I also jad to cook for about 20 mins longer. threw it on top of some Greek salad with homemade house dressing n homemade tzatziki sauce n it was amazing...my husband already claimed the leftovers...Def making again

