Fantastic recipe!I am greek,living in Athens,was looking for a new vassilopita recipe and tried this one...my husband said it is the best he ever had,my children loved it,it was consumed on the spot,even after a rich new year's dinner! I topped it with our favorite creem cheese frosting,and wrote on top of it 2007 as is the tradition,using mini m+m's.Should have taken a picture!

This is definitely an old world recipe.  The cake is a coarse texture and is not sweet like you expect a cake to be.

I added the zest of 2 lemons and 1 tsp of lemon extract. It was a hit at my New Year brunch!

Absolutely perfect! Super fluffy & delish!

It was delicious.

This is so annoying!  I spent all this time and effort to end up with a soggy mess.  I wanted a nice cake for my family for New Year's day, so I followed the directions to a tee and now it is a soggy buttery mess!  All those ingredients wasted!  And nothing to show for it.  DON'T BOTHER WITH THIS MESS!

I had to host a New Years party at my sisters house.  I had to come up with idea for the icing . Used carnal Apple topping on the cake.  They boys were allergic to nuts.  So I thought outside the bag.  I took some Oreo cookies and grounded them up in the food blender. When they were done.  I used them as a topping for this cake.  They wanted a toy baby didn’t have one. So I used a  Macintosh cherry and baked i it into the cake.  It was extremely yummy and a big hit at the party.  Whoever found the cherry won the cool prize.

It was really good! I made it in a Bundt pan. I did need to bake it longer, about 15 minutes.  But I didn’t think it was dry, and it was plenty sweet.

Delicious! A new tradition is born for my family! (I hid a whole almond instead of a coin)
Thank you for this lovely recipe.

I made this in a large round stoneware baker which was a perfect size, but I needed to give it some extra baking time, which made it a tad dry.  It makes quite a large cake, great for breakfast with jam and coffee.  I agree with another reviewer that it was moister the second and third days.  I would make it ahead.

I made this to bring in the new year! I did make a substitute as I didn’t have lemon juice. I added 1 teaspoon of almond extract and topped with powdered sugar. Does need to be naked longer as suggested by others. Delicious!

