I had a craving for gryos last week but have never attempted to make them at home. This recipe is really easy and very good. They tasted very similar to gyros I have had at greek restaurants.  The prep is a little timely and I actually didn't have the time to let the meat sit in the refrigerator before putting it in the oven and I was impressed at the flavor the meat had.  The only thing I did different is I added 1/2 tsp. allspice per another recipe and did not use thyme. Another recipe called for 1/2 tsp coriander but I didn't have it and will probably add that next time. My picky husband loved the meat and actually ate it leftover and he NEVER eats leftovers. I will definitely make this again. Thanks!

We thought this recipe was a little bland.  I used a whole onion (since I hate having half an onion lying around) and doubled the garlic and thought it could use even more.  I think the biggest problem of this recipe was the salt.  1/4t. for 2lbs of meat is not nearly enough.  Healthier, yes, but not as tasty. I wanted to be a little conservative with the salt since I was serving it with Tzatziki (a little salty) and feta (quite salty), so I only doubled the amount.  It could have used even more.  Sure, you can add salt to the pieces later, but I think the flavor would be better if the meat was salted throughout.  Next time, I think I’ll try 1.5t. or 2t.  I cooked it in an 8.5” loaf pan and it took about an hour.  I also had to leave the mixture in the food processor for much longer to get a tacky texture, so if your processor is older or cheap like mine, you may have to do the same.  All in all, I thought it did resemble gyro meat and would resemble it even more if you tossed the pieces on a grill before serving.  It was moist, yet not greasy.  I will make it again, but will try to spice it up a bit more.

What a tasty dish!  I followed the advice of the chef-and added about a tablespoon of garlic and the increase in salt.   Also,  after reading the reviews, I made the meat ahead, then sliced thin and browned the meat on my cast iron griddle to get the browned flavor.  We really enjoyed this recipe and with all the make ahead- a great dish to entertain with.

Turned out nice. The spices are very close to commercial gyro meat but I increased the salt to 1 teaspoon total. It could still even use a bit more salt (IMO).

Needed salt overall good though

Sorry…Taste like a meat loaf, not a gyro.

It's nothing more than a meat loaf sandwich.  And folks will pay $15 or more, just to have this extremely low cost to make meal.  By low cost, I mean that a single serving of this at a restaurant, will run the restaurant less than $3, pita bread and all included.  I make this at home all the time.  If you want to mix it up a little, use a soft tortilla shell and once wrapped up, grill the tortilla until golden brown.  It adds a great different flavor.

Omg! So so good. I upped the salt and pepper to 1.5 teaspoons and the garlic to 3 cloves, but did everything else according to the recipe. I vac sealed the meat mixed with seasonings and onion for a day and half to marinate and allow the flavor to develop. Then I pulsed it in the food processor and followed the remaining instructions. For slicing, I refrigerated it over night and I used my meat slicer to get that perfect slice with the cold cooked meat. To prepare for dinner, I added a bit of olive oil to a fry pan and warmed both the pitas and the meat. Next time I make this, I will be quadrupling the recipe and freezing in portions for a quick meal. This was so amazing! Thank you for posting.

Had a taste for gyro type meat (pause) but it’s not easy to find shaved lamb at the grocery store. Decided to try this and I’m so glad I did, it’s shockingly delicious and close to the taste I expected. You won’t regret making this.

Love the recipe.  The only thing it misses is the rotisserie browning.Given the effort in making homemade Gyro meat, I'd recommend getting quality Pita bread.I like the techniques - removing the onion juice, and using a water bath, though I'm not sure what effect that has, other than even heat distribution and moisture (that sounds really dumb that I actually typed that).  But, the result is firm meat, not overly moist or fatty.

It's a great recipe, but a little light on the salt. It was a little bland the first time I made it. I used two teaspoons of Kosher salt the next time and it was so much better. I also added garlic and onion powder. I wrapped a brick in aluminum foil and put it in the oven while preheating, and place it on top of the mixture while cooking. It removed all the air pockets and made it very compressed and super easy to slice. I also placed the slices on a griddle for a few minutes to get a little char, which really makes a difference. With the price of things in restaurants, it's definitely a money saver if you love gyros!...

