I've made this cake on several occasions and it was a hit each time.  My only recommendation is to spare the honey dressing - if you use all that is recommended, you'll end up with honey soup with cake in it.  I typically use about half of what is prepared.

This was a good cake and I enjoyed the simplicity, but probably won't resort to this again as a substitute for baklava.  I used whole wheat flour and pecans and added a splash of vanilla extract to the eggs since I didn't have the orange zest.  The cake was moist and had good flavor.  Nice to make when you don't have much time.  Thanks for sharing Jan.

Definitely going to make again!

Delicious and very easy to make

Delicious!!

I love the simplicity of this cake and have tried several variations as noted below. I save about half of the syrup to use again on a second cake to gift to friends.  I have made it most often as muffins in paper cups often adding golden raisins and semi sweet chocolate chips in addition to chopped walnuts. I also add a hint of vanilla and almond extract to the syrup, substitute condensed milk or Greek 2% yogurt for the milk and add other spices typically nutmeg and allspice to the cinnamon.  Great to warm up in the morning as a breakfast muffin.

Made everything the same except these minor changes: used pecans (I forgot to buy walnuts), added good vanilla, halved the sugar for the cake, made the sugar syrup with OJ instead of lemon juice and added 1 small cinnamon bark. I split the cake to make 2 6-7 inch rounds and soaked the cake with just a few tablespoons of syrup (I do not enjoy very sweet desserts). Haven't tasted it yer but it looks amazing. Thank you !

Very nice!  I read the reviews and decided to go with 1/4 of the sugar honey sauce. It was just right for us. Thanks for the delicious recipe!

Very delicious! Light and fluffy and not overly sweet. I did not add the syrup to the top.

This recipe is absolutely wonderful!! Only thing I modified was making the cinnamon heaping rather than level. I’ve made this recipe half a dozen times now and literally people are licking the pan

This was a good ending to a Greek themed dinner I made tonight.  Initially I poured most of the syrup over the cake, but drained a lot off because the cake was "swimming" in syrup.

