I have made Baklava for about 30 years now, ever since my greek stepmother made it during my teenage years.  At first it took me about an hour to assemble, but now only about 15 minutes.  Here are the shortcuts to save time.  I do let the phyllo dough thaw, but do not cut the dough and do not cover it while layering. I just drape the bottom half over the pan and then fold the top half over it, "painting" a thin layer of butter quickly.  I use a new and clean basting paint brush, to spread a very thin layer of butter between each phyllo sheet. It is only necessary to lightly brush on the butter, not saturate.  The more wrinkles the sheet has in it, the better.  You just keep putting and folding the edges and that ends up making the baklava more layered and crispy.  If it turns out soggy, it's from too much butter, not the sauce.  Also, when you cut the Baklava before you bake it, use a sharp knife and cut to within a half inch FROM the bottom of the pan, so then when you pour the sauce into the cooled Baklava, the sauce seeps into every layer of the Baklava, but doesn't sit at the bottom. Then, cut all the way thru after the whole thing has completely cooled.

This recipe is very good, almost similar and true to real Greek baklava. However, the syrup is not right. It is supposed to be thick in consistency, this syrup was too watery and was not thick enough. 

Something that should be added to the syrup is orange or lemon peel. It's traditional in baklava syrups and it gives a sweet scent and taste.

My family INSISTS I MAKE IT FOR EVERY OCCASIONTHE BEST

So easy! I was always so scared to make baklava because of the phyllo pastry 🥐 but now I make it all the time I think my family are starting to think I can’t make anything else 😂😇

Good but very sweet. Cut down the honey from 1/2 cup to 1/4. Also, add a tablespoon of lemon juice when cooking syrup for better depth.

Easy n delicious.

I tweaked it and poured clarified butter after cutting it before baking..turned out fantastic!

Some people can’t follow directions and then leave low ratings.To the woman who didn’t know one cup of butter is melted. CUP is a volume measurement; if it was meant to be solid and not liquid, it would have read two sticks or perhaps by weight (which could be melted or  not). Also how do you “brush on” hard butter? So pop it in the microwave and continue on.For the woman that gave one star, she clearly didn’t understand directions and made an error somewhere but it was not because the instructions were unclear. And even if you’re left with too much dough and too much nut mixture? Make another batch. Sounds like her pan was too small.Seriously, these bad bakers are making it hard to sift through recipes. There should be an option to downvote not just upvote comments.

This recipe was amazing! This was my first time making it and first time working with phyllo dough so went into it very intimidated.  The only thing I wish I could figure out if how to get sauce a bit thicker, regardless AMAZING.

LOVED this recipe! Very easy to follow and turned out great. I brought this to work and my co-workers were amazed at how good it was.  Will be making this again.

Love this recipe!  I've made it twice so far and both times it came out delicious!  The first time I made it, I brought it to a family event and it was a huge hit!  People couldn't believe I never made baklava before!  Reading through the other reviews before I made the recipe was very helpful!  I found that Phyllo dough is not the easiest to work with as it falls apart easily, but one tipster recommended folding the sheets in half as opposed to picking up two at a time, which was very helpful and caused less tearing of the dough.  I also added an orange peel and a 1/2 tsp. more of vanilla to the syrup which gave it a really nice flavor.  One suggestion I would add is that you should use a large saucepan to make the syrup because when you add the honey to the boiling sugar water, it bubbles up and spills over the sides, even at a simmer!   It was an easy recipe with easy to follow directions, and  I will be making this recipe all the time!  Thank you for sharing your recipe, Donna!

