This was DELICIOUS!  And I agree with previous reviewer, it can be done in no time at all! First, I couldn’t find canned lentils, so I bought a bag and because I was doubling the recipe, I estimated and used ½ the bag.  I soaked them overnight, then added some chicken broth and boiled them for 15-20 minutes.  Agree with previous reviewer....don’t fry each veggie..just roast them all together!  If you don’t have one already, get a mandolin – Pampered Chefs new one is GREAT!  I peeled the eggplant and sliced it up. Then sliced the Zucchini (didn’t peel)  Beset change was that I used RED Potatoes, which I love anyway, but better yet, you don’t have to peel! I put it all in a big roaster pan, coated them with Peanut Oil (can handle higher heat) and roasted them at 450-500 for 30-50 minutes (my oven cooks fast).  While they were cooking, I cooked up my onions and garlic added in the tomatoes, lentils, oregano and parsley and the cooked lentils.    (I took previous recommendation and added some cinnamon to this mixture)
I layered 1/3 of this vegetables in the bottom of my 9x 13 pan, then ½ of the onion/tomatoes mixture, then sprinkled Feta Cheese.  Repeat (1/3 veggie, rest of onion/tomato/feta) then top with remaining veggies and feta.  Bake for 25 minutes.
For the Béchamel sauce – I added more cinnamon and some nutmeg to this and it made it perfect!  Since I had doubled the recipe, I doubled this sauce – but I only used ½.
I’ve made twice since and am making it again his week for

This had good flavor, but the labor was intense and the proportions were grossly inadequate for a 9x13 casserole. No where near enough to repeat layers, let alone create one complete layer of each. Grilling or broiling the vegetables will be a time saver next time. Using a smaller casserole or doubling all ingredients is a must.

This recipe is ridiculous. First, as others have said, it is VERY labour intensive.  Second, the quantities are WAY off if you want to fill a 9x13 serving dish. Third, if you just dump your flour into your milk/butter like that, no amount of whisking is going to remove the lumps unless you have bionic arms.  That's only part of what's wrong with this recipe.   Nice idea, but I will look elsewhere for my vegetarian moussaka recipes from now on.

Waayyy too labor intensive. I followed the recipe but used a non-stick pan instead of the oil that would have been required. It was tasty and my husband liked it but the end product wasn’t worth all the frying. To me it was like ratatouille with a mild cheese sauce on top…and that could have been done in 20 minutes!!!

Takes time indeed, like 2 hrs. Hands-on! just frying all the thinly sliced veggies 3 min per side in multiple batches takes about 50 minutes. By the time you go through all the steps start to finish this is more like 3 + hours.All the veggies, especially the eggplant are oil sponges. The oil you have to keep adding amounted to 1/2 bottle of olive oil! Even draining everything on paper towels (1/2 roll later) does not soak up most of the oil.The 'sauce' is a bechamel sauce. Throwing butter, flour and cold milk together and whisking to boil is a lumpy thin mess that doesn't thicken. Look up a bechamel sauce recipe before making this. Butter and flour are browned first slowly while the milk is heating separately. Add milk GRADUALLY while whisking continuously. It also takes like 20 minutes to bring to low boil.So by now you are in grease-land...You don't need the liquid from the lentils. Too soggy.And baking this is more like 75-90 minutes....Very frustrating experience.

Delicious 👌

It's a decent base recipe. One can of lentils is not enough for 2 layers. The author sautés the onions, mixes them with lentils and tomatoes and then, when assembles, miraculously pulls them separately from the mix and layers them? A note on frying eggplant, zucchini and potatoes - too much oil, recipe calls for 1 Tbsp for the whole dish - unreal. I suggest precooking eggplant and zucchini in a microwave with a bit of water and boil sliced potatoes to half-cooked state. Dish comes out way less oily and healthier. You can also start thinking about replacing white sauce that goes on top with a mixture of yogurt and eggs.   The end result is very good and tasty without that many calories.

excellent ingredients, TERRIBLE instructions.  You assume way too much basic knowledge and you left out whole section.  Also, bake vegetables instead of frying! Much less time, less fat.  I know how to cook so I have no problem assembling but would not recommend to a not-so-experienced-cook!

We were disappointed in this dish. It was  a bit time consuming and not flavorful enough. I did roast the vegetables instead of frying to decrease calories. Otherwise followed the recipe exactly. Really needed more spices and a lot of salt. Family ended up putting sriracha on it which made the dish ok. Not a keeper for sure.

Very very disapointed. Frying only added unnecesary oil and ruined the flavor and texture of vegetables that should otherwise have been delightful. I don't even want to talk about what could be done to salvage this recipe as the whole first half would need to be thrown out.

Very good! I did not change any ingredients, but I did bake the veg rather than frying (only to make it easier for me). Fits perfectly into a 9x9 inch dish.

