This is a GREAT side dish. I used canned tomatoes.  I added more garlic and garlic salt, along with some Oregano.  My husband is Greek and adding the Oregano makes it more like the green beans we have been served at Greek restaurants, weddings etc.

Good recipe, however, in Greece we tend to sautee the diced onions in oil first and add some crushed parsley. Then add the green beans, and tomato juice with diced tomatoes, for 5 minutes. (salt&pepper) Then add water just enough to cover the green beans and boil for 50 minutes till the sauce is thick. This makes the green beans softer.
Serve with feta cheese and bread for that extra something! Perfect.

the flavor is great just too much oil

Loved it!

11-24-20.  Making it now.  3-4 tablespoons olive oil, cooked the onions, garlic and dried parsley until soft. 2 cans green beans. 1 can crushed tomatoes.  1 tsp sugar, 1/2 tsp chicken better than bouillon with 1 cup hot water in the tomato can, then poured that in the beans cooking on low now.   Basically followed several of the top comments.. Smells and Tastes fantastic!

Another delicious dish. I made this and took the tip from the previous comment to add parley and it was fabulous. My family loved it and will definitely make this again. I made this with the Greek Chicken and white rice which I commented a few minutes again. Thank you for these delicious recipes.

A little bit greasy, but very delicious! Makes an excellent complement for chicken!

Will redo!

This recipe uses way too much olive oil. It ends up making the green beans taste greasy. If you use fresh green beans you will have to add more water and more seasoning also. I recommend cutting the amount of olive oil and serving this with the Rachel Ray Cheesy Orzo recipe. It tasted great topped on that.

Great Recipe.  Added 2 tsp cinnamon & 2 bay leaves, only  for personal preference.

I do add parsley and oregano and some water and give these a good long simmer to make the sauce delicious. I also recommend serving with a hunk of feta. I make these pretty often — maybe weekly! In this photo I’m using half green beans and half purple just picked. They’ll all be green when cooked!

