Fantastic! with a few modifications as follows.

don't fry the eggplant: brush a little bit of olive oil & cook them in a oven at 450 till moderately soft...you don't want mush...

bechamel sauce:  I don't get why everyone is saying this makes too much sauce?!  It doesn't, trust me.  You want at least an inch high layer of this when it's done cooking, so use the ingredients as written.  I do agree with adding the extra eggs.  I made the sauce as directed, then as it cooled I added two eggs yolks one at a time, blended that, then I added the 2 egg whites (which I had first beaten till stiff with a mixer).  Next time I might try the 3rd egg as some recommend for even more firmness.

meat sauce:  save calories, don't brown the beef in butter!  Increase garlic to at 2-3 cloves.  I used italian seasoning for "fine herbs".  Add a big pinch of sugar to cut the acidity.  I used about 1/2 tsp of salt, and 1/2 tsp fresh ground pepper.  I made the meat sauce one day ahead (to save time on the big day & to allow the flavors to come out).

mysterious olive oil:  I don't know where that 1/4 cup of olive oil is supposed to come in?  I never used it.  Certainly didn't miss it.

construction:  Use a big/deep lasgane pan.  The 9 X 13 glass pan isn't big enough.  

To be more authentic you can add a thin layer of potato in the bottom.  Peel two potatoes, slice them about 1/4 in or less slices, brush with small amount of olive oil, roast in 450 oven for about 15 minutes.

The moussaka was very good, but I give this 3 stars for a few reasons. First, if you have never prepared Greek food before (ESPECIALLY moussaka) this recipe is very poorly written - it's way too vague. 9 x 13" is not a big enough pan by any means - go larger. Second, it calls for way too much onion and eggplant. I cut 1 1/2 onions and 2 eggplants and didn't use them all. The writer called the bechamel a "thin sauce" but it actually should be very thick - about the same consistency as a yogurt. Make sure to drain your meat very well and, if necessary, spoon out the liquid before adding the meat to the casserole. Let your moussaka cool for a good 30 minutes before serving. 

This is a good recipe, but my greatest advice if you have never made moussaka before - seriously, review the recipe several times and start cooking it 4 hours before you intend on eating it. Also, if possible, have a friend/child/spouse on hand to help you out. Don't give up, it gets easier as you go!

The bechamel sauce never set, even when I cooked it extra 30 minutes. I am thinking there is an ingredient missing here, all other recipes I googled have you put the eggs in bechamel sauce to thicken it up. Will try again with 2 beaten eggs added to the bechamel sauce.

We just got back from Greece and had a hankering for this dish. It is excellent, my boyfriend is a foodie, and he loved it.

We loved it! Brought us back to the Greek Islands-don't fry the eggplant-do as WSBLEND does and bake it. Followed everything else but didn't use butter to brown the meat. Does take longer that what recipe states but totally worth it!

So good, but lots of pots and a ton of work….but worth it!

Just made this tonight - adding egg to the bechamel after it cooled from the stove. I also doubled the recipe in everything but the eggplant. 3 eggplant was just enough for the 12", 4" deep dish that I use for big casseroles. My family and I REALLY enjoyed it!

So disappointed. A coworker recommended this recipe, and I made it according to the directions and it was a greasy watery mess. What a waste of food. I read some of the reviews and recommendations afterwards, and I think probably roasting the eggplant would have helped, and more guidance on the thickness of the bechamel.

I have an old Betty Crocker International Cookbook recipe for moussaka that I sort of drew on to adjust this recipe.  I used ground lamb and added 2/3 cup of grated parmesan and 1/3 cup of bread crumbs to the meat mixture as well as the beaten egg.  As others have commented, the bechamel was very thin - not like I'm used to seeing - (ratio for bechamel has always been 1/2 cup butter to 1/2 cup flour), so I tempered an egg and added that to the sauce as well as 1/3 cup of parmesan and it thickened up nicely.  I fried up the eggplant and some potato slices, lined the baking dish with the potatoes and then followed the layering of the recipe.  It's in the oven now, smells great and I'm sure will taste great - it's a casserole and you really can't ruin a casserole - Greek diners serve moussaka that is either good or meh so with good ingredients a homemade version is bound to be better.

This turned out great.  My husband is from Greece, and I makeGreek dishes as often as possible.  I am confused as to why so manyof the comments talk about adding an egg or eggs to the bechamelsauce.  Classic bechamel sauce does not contain eggs.  Adding cheese to bechamel sauce results in Mornay sauce.   Eggs are notnecessary in my opinion.  Sauce  turns out great without them.  I amalso wondering why the pictures and written instructions say to peel the eggplant.  The video showing on the bottom right of my screen shows unpeeled eggplant.   I don't peel my eggplants, but Iam sure peeling or not peeling makes very little  difference to theresults.

I didn't drain the ground beef :-(.  I also didn't bake the eggplant like others have suggested.  I will next time.

