We use a LOT of Cavender's in this house, and this seasoning blend is just as good-- in fact, it's better! Per the optional instructions, I blended the mix into a fine powder (using a food processor). Freshly blending the dried herbs and spices in small batches makes for a wonderfully pungent and flavorful seasoning for just about anything. I considered making a large batch of it, but I like the idea of making the suggested amount as needed; it'll last about a week in our kitchen, and it's totally worth making a new batch every few days in order to get that "just ground" flavor.

I used this recipe as a seasoning for grilled chicken breasts today, and the flavor was fantastic. I'm fairly confident we won't be buying the big "C" again any time soon. Thanks for a great recipe!

This was... Odd. Very odd. Made it as directed. The nutmeg and cinnamon were by far the dominant smells of this before using and after cooking.

So good! Sprinkled on both sides of chicken breast cooked with juice of a half lemon and olive oil!

I normally use a Greek dry rub on my beef cuts in a smoker, that I buy online. But it's expensive, so I thought I'd try to save a buck and make my own. This rub is OK, but nothing like what I'm used to. It seems to be much sweeter and with very little "tang" to it. Maybe it's the cinnamon and/or nutmeg. I probably won't be using it again.

The change I made was to omit the cinnamon, the cornstarch was a great addition.  Used this seasoning blend to make chicken gyros.

Wow the worst greek seasoning I've ever had ruins my whole batch had to throw it all away absolutely terrible you really need to get rid of that cinnamon and nutmeg in their yuck I will never make that again nor will I ever recommend it

Love this seasoning! Delicious.

I loved it and used it to make Greek Beef Gyros which turned out fantastic with this seasoning blend.  I even had all of the ingredients for this seasoning in my pantry.  Thank you so much for posting.  Lots better I am sure that the stuff that is in jars for sale and without all of the preservatives.  Thanks again.

This is good, but it lacks the lemon and spearmint - classic Greek flavors - that the yellow-and-red can contains (and yes, it's ridiculously expensive).  I cut the nutmeg and cinnamon by half and increased the salt and pepper, and I love it.  In the lower concentration the cinnamon and nutmeg, which we usually think of as sweet spices, add an interesting and almost indescribable note that takes this seasoning out of the ordinary.

Thanks for this blend!! I omitted the cinnamon and cornstarch and added more dill. I suspect, however, that was because my dill was rather old. I brined chicken breast in olive juice and used this blend for seasoning the chicken and tzatziki!

I've made this 3 times now, and I must say that it gives the house a very pleasant aroma when I bake pork chops with this seasoning, and the flavor it adds is amazing.

