This is an authentic and wonderful recipe, and I have been making it for years.  It is out of Tess Mallos’s The Complete Middle Eastern Cookbook.  A really wonderful Middle Eastern Cookbook.  At the end of this recipe in the last part of the instructions she has, “Sprinkle remaining cheese on top” but she left the amount out.  It is 1/2 cup.

I used penne pasta.  This recipe took a lot of effort, maybe because it was my first time making it.  It tasted pretty good, but I probably own't make it again.

I am 100% Greek and I made this recipe as my mother's recipe does not have measurements lol and it is a fantastic recipe! I would say it rivals my mom's and all my aunt's! Bravo!

This was a huge hit with my family!  Lots of work to make, but well worth the effort.

Wonderful recipe! Only thing I altered was to add an extra cream layer between meat and pasta but either way, would still have been great!

I use Ragu spaghetti sauce rather than using tomato paste, wine, and broth. This speeds up the recipe.

It is a little fussy but so worth the effort. YUMMY!

Great recipe! Ok, but I felt it just a little bland definitely needs  a bit more Parmesan as someone else stated and I would add a 1/2 tap cinnamon to the meat mixture to make it a bit more authentic tasting

This was a bit time consuming for a weekday meal (I didn't notice the time indicated before starting, and by then it was too late - my bad!) but still tasty and had simple instructions.  Not sure where I went wrong as I baked it for the time and temp indicated, but the bottom got quite crispy and nearly burnt, resulting in crunchy noodles at the bottom.  The bake overall was quite dry, but tasty.  Next time I may try a lower temp and baking for longer, or perhaps increasing liquids a bit.  The cream sauce is excellent -so good that I may start topping all of my baked pastas with this; I increased the nutmeg by a pinch or so and it was delicious.

Super easy to follow and well worth the effort!

I didn't have wine, but, I just made this for the first time, and everyone loved it.

