A very good recipe as is.  Not as thick as I am used to though. To make it a 5-star recipe, I added finely chopped cucumbers, and I left out the olive oil and used greek yogurt because it is thicker.  If you can't find greek yogurt (or a real yogurt strainer), you can put two coffee filters into a colander. Put the colander over a bowl and strain the yogurt for about an hour or so on the countertop.

This recipe is a great base but requires additional steps and ingredients to make it perfect. I bought 16 oz of yogurt, lined a sieve with paper towel and placed the yogurt in it. After a few hours all of the liquid drained out of the yogurt leaving it nice and thick. I added 1 cup of grated Long English Cucumber. Be sure to squeeze all of the liquid out of the cucmber after grating it. I also added 1 tablespoon of chopped fresh mint.

Delicious, added fine diced cucumbers and only had dried dill on hand.  Will make again, thank you!

I didn't have fresh dill so I used dried dill. It was still very good.

I made it just as the recipe is written.   I used it on some gyros.  The flavors blend a bit better when you make it a few hours in advance, but it you don't have the time for that, it is still much better than store bought.  If you like a bit of  cucumber, go ahead and it add!

This was fantastic especially because I didn't have any cucumbers to make regular tzatziki.

I can eat this 24/7. I used Greek yogurt and added chopped cucumber and since I have mint in my yard, added that too. I dip in pita bread. Soooooo good!

Recipe made the perfect amount for a falafel dinner for 4.  I used greek yogurt, added 1/2 of a cucumber finely chopped and only grated in 1 clove of garlic to keep the flavor a little lighter.

I always use Greek yogurt so I did not even notice it was not specifically stated. I added half of a large cucumber and it was great! Took off a star for no cucumber too! But I do think it is delicious!

Added 3/4 cucumber with water squeezed out and a half teaspoon of Turkish red chili flakes

I made this a while ago where has the recipe gone?

