This is a great recipe, no doubt.  There are a few points that should be emphasized.

First, the instructions state that the mixture should be cooled before assembly.  This should be in capital letters.  There's something about letting the mixture set-up somewhat to reduce the amount of moisture...that thing that everyone is saying to avoid.  Excess moisture kills this dish.  I spun my spinach dry before chopping it and adding it to the pan, but go to great lenghts to introduce as little extra moisture as possible.  On the subject of spinach, I think the recipe implies the dirty bunch-spinach, not the pre-washed baby spinach.  I found I lost about 1/3 weight from the bunch spinach after discarding the undesirables and destemming.  Baby spinach is more expensive, but you can take it right out of the container, chop it and throw it in the pan.  If you use bunch spinach, account for the extra time it'll take you to clean and destem the stuff...huge PITA, but much cheaper.  Also, you can't go wrong with extra phyllo.  I wouldn't layer it in the middle, because it'll just be a doughy mess between the layers of filling. But to have eight sheets on the top AND bottom would not do you wrong.

Finally, I found this dish rocks coming out of the freezer and going right into the oven.  Prepare it the same just to the point it goes in the oven.  Take the whole frozen kit and caboodle right to the oven, add some extra cooking time (20-30 mins) and it turns out identical.

I didn't particularly enjoy this, although it was my own fault.  I have never worked with fresh spinach before and did not remove the stems before putting it into the food processor.  The stems made it bitter and stringy.  REMOVE THE STEMS AND ONLY USE THE LEAVES and I'm sure you'll enjoy this much more than I did.  It looked great!

I split the recipe in half, for two (plus leftovers). Delicious!

Good, but a lot of work.  2lbs of spinach is a huge pile

I loved this!  I used thawed  frozen chopped spinach and really squeezed out any moisture. It turned out perfect!

Overall good recipe. I used fresh spinach and the filling turned out great . No need to add salt as other mentioned as feta is salty .The only advice I would give is to double the amount of fylo dough and bake in 325 instead of 300 as recipe suggestsBaking in 300 for 40 min did not make brown the top . So I baked for additional  10 min in 350 hot oven and the top browned nicely .Next time I will make this recipe I will defenately bake in 325 degrees

soooooo good.   Okay I did add mushrooms and nutmeg.  But I loved it.  Thanks for sharing!

It turned out yummy. One thing I noticed is that there is no mention of salt or any other seasonings. I added generous dashes of salt, dill, and ranch powder to taste to the filling.

Made this several times now - sooo good!  We serve with Beetroot relish 💖

Authentic and perfectly delicious.

It’s much easier to use frozen chopped spinach and squeezing excess water after thawing. No need to sauté. If using fresh chopped spinach, salt it, let rest and then squeeze by handfuls to remove moisture!Mom added fennel and chopped Swiss chard as well! (Chop & salt the chard also)

