The ingredients are correct in this recipe but  it is missing a step that would solve the runniness problem.  You must drain the yogurt in a colander for a few hours.  This is the way they do it the Greek restaurants.  You should also salt and drain the cucumbers for an hour.  I tried this recipe and drained the yogurt first and it was great!

To be truly superb, tzatziki MUST be made with strained, whole mild yogurt from Greece, otherwise the result will be runny as many users have noted.  Also lemon juice is preferable to vinegar.  But the one non-negotiable item is the strained, full fat yogurt.

This is a great, simple recipe that results in a light and fresh sauce.   We did discover though that we are a fan of using Sour Cream instead of greek yogurt.  The combination of the dill AND Greek Yogurt was a bit much for us.  Though in doing so, you can't strain the Sour Cream as well, so make sure you squeeze ALL the cucumber juice to remove as much liquid as possible.

I love this sauce. The only thing wrong is that very little gets on the table cause I eat it with crackers...

Love on lamb burger or veggies in pita.

I should have read reviews.  Turned out too thin and too much garlic after taste.  I'd avoid non fat yogurt that I used and add step to straining it.  Also reduce to 1 or 2 garlic gloves.

Wonderful !If you have a runny mess you didn’t strain the cucumbers enough . I put my grated and seeded cucumbers in a potato ricer and the dish came out perfectly creamy and delicious.

Delicious!  Made as written, used 3/4 tsp dried dill for the fresh, whole milk Greek yogurt and wrung the shredded cucumber out in two dish towels.  The final product was not runny.

Nice recipe, thanks.My mom always salted the grated cucumbers first and then squeezed them with a cheese cloth to remove the excess moisture. The salt pulls out the water. No need to add further salt to the recipe.  This makes a nicely thick tzatziki.Also, sorry to be That Greek, but it's pronounced "tsa-ZEE-kee" not "tuh-zee-kee." It's hard for some people to make the "ts" but try like you're doing a high-hat on a drum kit.

I halved this recipe for my chicken gyros tonight. Very good! The only change was dried dill vS fresh. Very good Tzatziki!! Thank you Dinah!

I love all the reviewsI used the sour cream as wellJust thicker and better tasting when using the amount of garlic I didKeep up the great work

