BIG hit with everyone.  Here's how I made them.  First of all, that 'S' shape looked like a pain to make, so I took a melon ball/ice cream scoop, a very small one and using a level scoop, plopped them on the baking pans.  Then, using the bottom of a glass, dusted in a little powdered sugar, squashed them flat, to about 1/4".  When they were baking, I melted white chocolate and kept it warm.  When the cookies were room temp, after baking, I spread the bottoms with white chocolate and put two halves together (like an Oreo).
Then dusted the final cookies with the powdered sugar by sifting it with a fine mesh strainer.  I know this is a far cry from any Greek type cookie, but these were really delicious, my husband's new favorites.  Oh and I made them later using raspberry seedless jam on one side, and white chocolate on the other half, then put the two halves together, those are his new favorites.  I used good chocolate, Lindt.  Excellent recipe.  I double the amount of vanilla and almond extract that the original recipe calls for by the way.

followed the recipe to a "T" and these cookies turned out great!  mouthwatering and addictive, they were a hit with my friends over tea.  Good with a tall glass of milk as well.

Well, I am spoiled by a greek mother-in-law who made the best cookies. These cookies were not buttery enough and too hard. the first batch I baked for 8 minutes, less than the 10 and the bottoms were golden but the cookie was crunchy. the second batch I cooked for 7 minutes, no golden bottom, and the cookies were still not good. I'll continue my search for the best greek butter cookies.

I really liked that the recipe made so many for so little ingredients. I also like that it didn't take that long as well. I think that they turned out amazing.

Excellent

Great recipe. I actually add almond flour and crushed almonds in these and they are a hit.

These cookies came out delicious. I doubled the amount of almond extract to give it a stronger flavor and it really made a difference.

I made these today. I doubled the almond extract and didn't use the confectioner sugar. They're tasty, but as one reviewer said they burn on the bottom. Next time I'm not greasing the cookie sheet and turning the temp down. Also going to add nuts.

Very delicious!!

My best friend growing up was Greek and her mom made these all the time.  Ive ten said id like to try to make them so finally decided to search for recipes.  My friend hasn't ever actually made them!  I tried this and made in traditions twisted 's' shape as her mom did.  They ended up being just like hers and served them to other friends who've also had hers.  Got good reviews. Wish id tried to make sooner.  king another batch today as they're all gone!  love with a cup of tea.

These cookies are delicious. I did make a change. I used 1 tsp of vanilla and 1 tsp of cake batter extract instead of almond extract and baked them at 325 degrees.  I made them for a school project but will definitely make them again for my family.

