This is an excellent recipe! We have had Avegolemono (it's Greek name)many, many times in restaurants. Our FAVORITE makes it a little less rich (less eggs),a lot more rice and chicken, and with just-a-little thinner broth.  I will adjust this recipe to our tastes next time;but this was a wonderful example of Greek Lemon Rice soup.  Thank you so much,for the recipe!  I suspect the reviews that said it was too salty, were using 'boullion' or a brand of soup base that was very salty. My brand soup base "Vogue" did not have a lot of salt (I bought it at an health food store). Also, I never add the rice into the large pot;but only in the INDIVIDUAL serving bowls; I mix it in JUST prior to serving. It works better for leftovers;you never wind up with puffed up rice mush this way. :)

I actually made this soup twice. I thought I must have made the recipe wrong because it was sooooo salty and lemony.  I reduced the base to 2 tbsp and the lemon to 1/3 cup and it was still too strong for my test and I'm a salt lover.  I was very disappointed because I love the lemon chicken soup I get in restaurants.

I’m really not a soup person, but this was excellent soup.

I've rated this in the past with five stars and have been making it for over 10 years with some changes over that time. Cooked orzo instead of rice, four egg yolks instead of eight (beat with an electric mixer - really helps give it a creamy consistency), and one cube of Knorr's chicken bouillon instead of the granules. I also found adding the flour/margarine mixture in small increments, then whisking after each addition, reduces the mixture from separating.

Delicious! Added a cup more of chicken and used orzo instead of rice. Everyone loved it!

More of a question why do I need Chicken Broth and Soup Base? 6 tablespoons of Soup base seems like a lot given all the salt it contains.

I've been making this for at least 15 years and I'm pretty sire this is the exact recipe I started with. It makes children and adults happy! Haha! And if you're getting it too salt, adjust your broth and stock! I always use low sodium broth so I don't have this problem.

Better than the local Greek restaurant!!  I will be making this soup regularly!!

The Best!  I used Meyer Lemons and it was to die for!

Loved this soup.

This recipe was yummy and easy to follow, thank you.

