The first time I made this recipe I followed the directions as stated.However, I used golden potatoes. The 2nd time I used the juice of one lemon, 3 bouillions. I was out of thyme so I used a tsp of oregano. About 10-15 min before they were done I pulled the lid off so that they would be a bit dryer like my fav greek restaurant. The potatoes were good the first time, GREAT the 2nd time.  This is a definite keeper

Okay, I know I am in the minority, but we didn't like these.  The had an odd taste that just didn't seem to match.  I suspect it was the lemon.  I will not make them again.

Absolutely delicious potatoes! I love Greek flavors and this recipe hit all the right notes. I followed the advice of one reviewer and added mustard the second time I made this. Winner! Just like the potatoes I remember having when we lived overseas. I’m making these again tomorrow for our weekly family gathering. Double recipe because… yum 😋

Potatoes were unbelievably delicious, my husband said they tasted like ones he had when he was over in Greece! :)Son who is 12, told his Nanny, best potatoes he has ever had; so we are making them again tonight; having them 2X in 72 hours.would recommend adding more potatoes, because left overs & they are absolutely delicious!I didn't have Rosemary available, so I tossed in some chopped Basil& used Yellow Gold potatoes too.

My potatoes got very mushy and I am not sure why? I used baking potatoes.  That said, I really liked the flavour of them. I used bottled lemon juice and beef broth because that is what I had and they taste great, but too mushy. I think my oven was too hot at 350F. I wil try again at a lower temperature. The photo shows them after about 30 minutes in the oven.

A little more lemon juice. Fresh lemons are best, but the Realemon works in a pinch. An all around good recipe.

The long cooking time is right, and, yes, you need all the liquid including about 1/4 cup of mustard that is missing from the recipe, which is standard in Greek roasted potatoes. Everyone thinks it’s just lemon, but it’s not. These are supposed to be soft, not crispy, so if you want them to taste like your best local Greek restaurant’s roasted potatoes, follow this recipe and add the mustard. If you don’t like Greek potatoes or lemon, don’t write a review on how you don’t like lemon and changed it into something else; write your own potato recipe that isn’t a Greek dish.

Yes it takes time but if you can get this dish in ahead of what else you are preparing, it’s one less thing to do.  I never made a recipe that called for all this liquid but I was curious. I baked for 1.5 hour with foil on but still too much liquid. So I took foil off changed to convection at 375. Sprinkled some Parmesan cheese over top and a few more seasonings and it turned out awesome. Just a little bit of liquid left but the 3 men I served this for loved it. I would make if again for sure. I swapped rosemary for Oregano too. It was flavourful and actually a nice change because the liquid keeps the potatoes moist.

loved it

will use the sauce that was left for pasta.

thnx a million

I have made these potatoes numerous times.. Have to double recipe... do not double liquid I did however add extra lemon juice, garlic and spice to the broth...  Taken to party and everyone asked for me to bring again each time.. Easy peasy..Also did not cook for 2 1/2 hours cooked until done..

This is my go to recipe for greek potatoes.  Everyone can't get enough of them.

