I lived in Greece for 2years and YES!! this is the real thing !! When I got home everyone kept presenting a bowl full of lettuce  with the other veggies and calling it a "Greek Salad"  and I would say no it's not.  But thank you for putting it on line for the rest to see.

Good recipe, but I wish recipes like this included weights. Example: How much do 5 large tomatoes weigh? Websites seem to indicate a large tomato is 10 ounces, so I used 50 ounces of smaller tomatoes. Wow, I can feed a small army with how much this makes.Should that have read "5 large Roma tomatoes"? Having weights listed would really help.Also, 1/2 medium cucumber seems really light for a salad like this.

I used one large tomato and there was close to four servings. Ican't imagine how much salad you'd get with five large tomatoes.

This is so simple and sooo good.

THIS IS THE BEST GREEK SALAD RECIPE EVER!!! ?? ?? ?? ?? ???? I loved the trick with the salt for realise the tomates juices, the balance of ingredients are so beautiful who thought, my family enjoyed very much this salad, thanks for sharing and I recommend to make it, it's very easy.

This was so tasty and an excellent way to use up garden tomatoes and cucumbers.  Adding olives as noted in the recipe added a great taste, and the feta cheese also added a unique flavor.  I made this several times during the summer growing season.

This Greek salad is AMAZING! We love it and now make it once a week.

I followed this recipe to a T! It is amazing! While I didn’t- will do next time! Have some bread on hand to dip (naan, French, breadsticks- whatever!). I loved every bite and since it makes a lot (for 2) I am hoping it stands well overnight for me to polish off tomorrow! 

My only change! I happened to have some fancy garlic infused olive oil I received as a gift - which I used. While I don’t think that is required - I loved the touch of flavor it added. Kudos to an awesome recipe!!

This is such a delicious summer salad!  It is light, but very flavorful.  We used tomatoes, bell peppers, and cucumbers from our garden which give it the best flavor. We serve it alongside a grilled steak or chicken and it compliments the meat very well.  It makes quite a large amount, so with the leftover amount I added bowtie pasta and chicken to make a pasta salad...it is amazing!

This was a great way to use produce from my garden.  We both loved the way it tasted, and I particularly liked that it so easy to prepare.  I was a little hesitant about "liberably" salting the tomatoes, as we are both on low sodium diets.  But I took the leap and this recipe is one that definitely requires  salting the tomatoes. I did add a splash of balsamic vinegar to my bowl,  and that just took it over the top for me.  Thanks for sharing this delicious recipe.

