Made this tonight and I am a quinoa lover.  This was amazing!!!!  My 17 year old daughter hid the leftovers from me and told me I can't take it to work.  I will find it!!!

As recommended by others, I used 1/2 the quinoa and it was still a lot of quinoa.  My Bunco guests seemed to enjoy it, but I would not bother making it again.

I have made this for years and love it! Add hearts of palm!

Made recipe as directed with regard to amount of quinoa, broth and dressing mixture. I add edamame, English cucumber, and black olives instead of Kalamata (preference of people I am feeding). It is a summertime favorite.

This is the first time I ever tried quinoa.  I thought it was pretty good.  Plus, I could pick little doo-dads out of the garden to mix in with it, like chives, parsley or sweet basil,  cherry tomatoes, and spinach leaves.  I tried several samples to see which way tasted best.  The bed of spinach leaves, quinoa mixed with chives and cheese, and an egg over easy on the top was my favorite.  No toast needed.

This was a simple and tasty salad. I will definitely make again and add other veggies next time to enhance.

Really flavorful and healthy

I love this recipe! Made it 4 times now and have enjoyed it so much. Family and friends ask for the recipe. The kids don’t appreciate it, but they are also very picky eaters. The only thing I add is fresh cucumber to give it a little crunch. Make it your own. You won’t be disappointed.

Quick and simple. Loved this recipie. I rinse my quinoa before cooking. Next time I'll add only 2 1/2 cups of broth due to the extra water from rinsing. No need to add extra salt as the olives and feta bring enough salt to the recipe. Will make again.

I added more veg to balance out the large amount of quinoa. chopped cucumber and chopped yellow and orange pepper. Teenagers did not like it, adults did.

So good - It never lasts long!  I often cut back a little on the amount of quinoa (or you could up the other ingredients) as I like to have more of the goodies/veggies.  This salad is a staple at  my house.

