I made a big Greek dinner and wanted to do a dessert but was sick of Baklava so I tried this recipe.  It was excellent and I highly recommened it.  I made a half batch in a 8X8 pan and it still turned out beautifully.  Thanks for the great recipe GapGirl!

This was a lot of work, using a lot of ingredients and time.  I served it with a greek dinner for five and we barely ate a third of it. The remainder sat in the fridge for a week before I tossed it. We found it quite bland; not unlike tapioca pudding with phyllo.  Sorry, but next time I need a Greek dessert I will stick with balkava or lemon cake.

This is my favorite galactobourecko recipe.  I have made several.  The end result is a fluffy, souffle-like custard filling. You have to whip the eggs and sugar for the full 10 min as the recipe states, but it is worth it.  I add rose water to my simple syrup, and pour cool syrup over individual pieces on their serving dish.One major caveat- this recipe probably dates back to the days of unpasteurised milk, hence the instruction to first boil the milk.  Trying to stir semolina and cornstarch into hot milk results in a lumpy disaster.I start mine like most modern custards, with the semolina, cornstarch, sugar and salt wisked together in the pan, then wisk in the cold milk and continue whisking while bringing it to a boil.  Simply the best galactoboureko!

Too much sugar. Too many eggs.    The custard was too thick.

Don't use this recipe. I think it's the corn starch which makes the custard awful. I love this but not this recipe!!!

I used to work at a greek family owned restaurant and the owner would make this often The only thing she did differently was add orange juice and zest to the syrup. It was amazing!! Is it traditional to add orange, or was that her own twist

We loved this. I used Cream of Wheat that I ran through the BlendTec to powder it  and have since bought a bag of the proper semolina at the Italian grocery store. I read a lot of the comments and next time will add the half lemon and a cinnamon stick to the syrup. I had infused saffron into the syrup (soaked some threads into a tiny bit of water and added to the syrup when it was done). My phyllo was definitely room temp and I only put the 7 layers on the bottom of the pan and had a lot more on top, using the phyllo up. The melted butter was the perfect amount of butter - no leftover and didn't have to melt more. As this was my first time making it I really wanted to try it before it was served, but no need, this recipe is easy and delicious!!! And I have already had to share it!

I accidentally submitted my previous review before I was finished. This was delicious. My kid asked for it for her birthday because she likes custard, doesn’t like cake, and had requested dolmas for her bday meal. I was making her an entire feast. I had to special order the semolina since no where had it. I *always* try a recipe “as written” the first time. I was concerned about the sugar water at the end, but I went against everything in me and spooned it on anyway. Once it was cooled, the sugar water soaked in and you couldn’t even tell you’d done it by the looks of it. It is sweet, but no one thought it was too much. It’s dessert, after all. I also don’t tend to like sweet things much, but this didn’t even bother me. All in all, I’d make it again for a special occasion.

Really good but a bit too sweet compared to the other ones I’ve had,
next time I will use half the sugar in the custard

yes made some change

I had this dessert at a local Greek restaurant and loved it, so I had to try making it myself. This recipe was even better and everyone who tried it loved it.

