I gave this 5 stars...after I made some changes.  I added about 1/2 c. of a good italian dressing and about 1/4 c. of red wine vinegar to spice it up a little.  Now it is AMAZING.  Everyone loved it!!  I made the orzo and mixed it with the dressing, vinegar, lemon and spices the day before and then added the veggies the morning of.  Very good and very pretty!

Made this recipe today exactly as instructed.  I was pretty disappointed.  The concept was good, but I found it extremely dry and tasteless.  I see that other people changed the recipe.  I believe you should make it the way stated first, then rate it.  If you rate it a 5 and make tons of changes that is not a true rating.  That is one of my pet peeves about this site.  I will make it again but will definitely use a bottled dressing or ingredients that will make a good dressing.

As written it is dry and blah.  I have to add olive oil (surprised it isn't an ingredient since this is mediterranean) and salt.

LOVE IT!!

I have made this in the past with the ingredients listed and it was fabulous. This time around I found myself with no tomatoes (I know, a sin in my house) so I substituted with roasted red bell peppers. I also added a package of smoked salmon ...so good ...I have so many leftovers that meal planning for work this week will be a breeze!

This was good...i did make a few changes...i used both fresh parsley and oregano...peeled the cucumber...used grape tomatoes...green olives instead of black..only 1 can of artichoke hearts and i did NOT use the juice from the can instead i used about 1/4c of greek salad dressing. It was great. My daughter didnt care for the texture of the orzo but loved the taste...i think this could also be good using about 3c of couscous in place of the orzo.

Yes I made it. It  needs more flavor.I made it b4, i used zesty Italian dressing. I was good.

This is a great recipe. It seemed a bit bland so I added 3 tablespoons of Mediterranean salad dressing (Aldi's) to give it some zest. Perfect!

I added 1/2 cup Greek salad dressing and a splash from the artichoke marinade. I use a pint of grape tomatoes cut in half,and I soak the red onions in water. This is over the top delicious! The leftovers are excellent too. I’m making it again today, the second time in 2 weeks.

Enjoyed this recipe.  Used plain hearts instead of marinated because recipe sounded saltyTossed with a lemon vinaigrette.  It is a keeper

Delicious - Loved it!

