As the author of this recipe, I'd like to respond to some recent reviews. Indeed, this is a simple soup born out of generations that lived simply and were lucky if they had meat once every six months. The light and simple flavors are meant to be savored, and the vinegar at the end is imperative - it really adds a much needed dimension of flavour to the soup, and I'd never eat the soup without the vinegar! I use red wine vinegar. *** Also, someone commented on the soup not being healthy - with 1 tablespoon of olive oil per serving, and under 15 grams of (healthy) fat, I don't see how it could be considered otherwise! Anyone who knows anything about the revered Mediterranean diet knows that one of its virtues is olive oil as the main source of (healthy) fat. Skip the drizzle of olive oil at the end (which I often do) if you're scared of too much fat. *** Finally, for those who don't like rosemary, feel free to skip it - not everyone in Greece uses rosemary when making Fakes. Thanks and enjoy!

Did not like this at all. Added spices and still did not help. Maybe I did something wrong.

I added chicken stock powder and used celery instead of carrot and used orange lentils because apparently they make it more creamy and its very yummy it would be very nice with some Parmesan cheeseBut my stomach didn’t rly agree

Rather bland. Oddly chunky while also being mushy. Not texturally pleasing and doesn't look as appetizing in the recipe photos either. Not quite sure if I went wrong somewhere along the line or if it's just not for me.

Made this like 20 times now, love it and favorited it

I liked this a lot and am making it for the second time this week.

This is a really good Mediterranean Lentil Soup just like my Italian Nona made.  Added some baby spinach for extra vegetables.  Delicious.

I make this so often, I finally have it memorized! I don’t add vinegar at the end (my mother does!) but I do top it with feta crumbles. Also love it with a piece of paximadi (Greek barley rusk).

Gorgeous, nutritious warming meal. I like to serve with homemade focaccia.I don't pre cook the lentils, I wash and leave to soak for half hour or so in cold water 😋

Delicious.  Of course we tweaked it a little.  For the first tie ever we used a little stuffing seasoning and it was terrific.  We also used chicken broth instead of water.

I cannot rate this highly enough, the flavour that comes out of so few ingredients is incredible! I personally double the amount of tomato paste, garlic and all the herbs but it’s not necessary I just prefer it that way. I also add a crumbling of feta or goats cheese on top with the drizzle of olive oil and salt and pepper. I didn’t have red wine vinegar so I used balsamic and it’s amazing!  Since finding this recipe we eat it twice a month. Thank you so much for such a beautifully authentic recipe! X

