This is delicious!!!  I made a couple of changes, I increased honey to 3/4 cup and added 1/8 teaspoon cloves.  Next time I will use 8 layers of dough before adding the first layer of nuts, with only 2 layers of phyllo the bottom is very mushy.  Mine was done in 43 minutes.  thanks for your recipe!

I was excited to use this since I had tried baklava at the nearest Greek market in Winston-Salem. I followed this recipe to the letter and all had been fine until I followed the instructions to bake it for 50 minutes on a normal oven at home. Fifty minutes after I had placed the baklava in the oven, I discovered that it was burned and my $14 purchase to make this baklava was all for naught. 50 minutes is absolutely too long in the oven at 350 degrees.

I have made this and it is great but I now find I am diabetic. Is there a way to make the syrup sugarfree for those of us who crave baklava but can't have all that sugar and honey?

I make it with 10 sheets, 5, 5, 5, 5, then 10 on the top. Uses both packages of phyllo sheets in 1 box. Much easier to cut and then I put each piece on a cupcake wrapper. Easier for guests to take off plate and eat without getting sticky.

It was really simple but be careful with the cutting because it rips really easily

Someone mentioned orange, so I added about 2tsp of powered dehydrated orange peel to the syrup. I used 1/2 each walnuts and pecans. Absolutely the best!

Delicious, everyone loved it! I’m Greek!

Everyone loved it and several people asked for the recipe which I was hesitant to give them since it was so easy. My dough sheets broke apart a lot but you couldn't tell.  Used half walnuts and half pistachios.  Making a 2nd pan of them now

Excellent! I made this with Pistachios mixed with some walnuts....Heavier on Pistachios though since walnuts are rather strong. You can also make a mixture of more than 1 or 2 nuts. I prefer putting all of the nuts as one rather thick layer on top of my bottom layers of Phyllo ..I agree with adding the extra honey...And I also used more than recipe called for of the Phyllo on the bottom...

Really good!!!!

Thank you, really a great recipe. I just did not add lemon zest, I do not like lemon in baklava.

