This dish was great. I have made something similar before with orzo instead of couscous but couscous is outstanding and looks very pretty on the plate. I did use whole wheat couscous, and because it is dark the other ingredients didn't stand out as much. Regardless, it was pretty to look at and delicious. I also used all chicken broth (3/4 cup) , no water. As is, this is a very light lunch but if you cook some chicken breasts strips on the side seasoned with salt and pepper you can make this a more filling dinner entree. I say "salt and pepper" because the flavors in this couscous are complex enough and a heavy seasoned chicken might be a bit too much. Of course, it depends on your own personal taste and that of your family. Opa!!

Excellent.  I did not have garbanzo bean but used a can of kidney beans.  I also used a can of Rotel spicy tomatoes.  Super good.

This meal was so delicious, a new family favorite.

Great recipe! I made some changes because of what I had on hand. I substituted Quinoa for the Couscous,  used all lemon juice instead of the lemon juice and white vinegar, omitted the cucumbers (though I wish I’d had some as I’ve made it before with the cukes and it was delish!), and added some different varieties of cherry/pear tomatoes - quartered.Fast and easy, and very yummy!

So quick and easy to make but really quite tasty. Took advice about using all chicken broth/no water. Only other change I made was using red wine vinegar because that's what I had on hand. Will definitely make again.

Excellent texture and flavor. Everyone loved it!

I can't say I love this recipe but it's okay. Used tri-color couscous because I already had it on hand. I used a full can of garbanzo beans rather than measuring out a cup. I didn't measure the feta, just added a bunch til it looked good. And I used vegetable broth instead of chicken because I don't eat meat. I'm not sure what I don't love about this honestly, but I don't think I'll make it again.

Really a good recipe...my husband is very picky and he loved it.

This is a delicious and easy salad to throw together. It is also a recipe that can be easily revised with the vegetables you throw in, while keeping the essential ingredients like the dressing, the feta and chickpeas. I made it minus the garlic, and added in a green onion, and some cherry tomatoes. This will now be a go-to salad in our house!

excellent, have made similar with couscous, but this is all out and Greekified! thanks

