I took the advice of previous reviews and used equal parts of oil & vinegar.  Also, I used 2 parts red wine vinegar and 1 part balsamic.  

We had a back-yard BBQ and I make a HUGE salad with kalamata olives, thinly-sliced red onion, grape tomatoes, peppercini, and crumbled feta then tossed with this dressing. Everyone loved it!  
My daughter and husband are already asking me to make more!

Made with ingredients as listed only calculated for 6 servings - the vinegar is overpowering - very tart. :[

i used equal parts vinegar and olive oil, also added a little lemon juice.

Greek dressing is made to go on a GREEK salad which traditionally is lettuce-free salad made up of tomatoes, cucumber, bell pepper, onion, olives and feta. So the tartness is well suited to the ingredients. The tomato and cucumber will water it down and the onions will "pickle" and become more mild if you leave them in the dressing a bit.You can certainly change the recipe and use it for whatever, but this is a great recipe for what it is designed for.

Here are the proportions when you divide the original by 12 (with equal amounts of oil and vinegar). It makes about a cup of dressing:4oz each of olive oil and red wine vinegar1 plus 1/3 teaspoon each of garlic powder, oregano, basil1 teaspoon  each of pepper, salt, onion powder, dijon

This was so easy to make and so yummy :)I did what others on here did and used equal parts of oil/vinegar  turned out Perfect!I did try it with the original oil/vinegar and it was a little tart but…also deliciousEither way this is a fantastic recipe, thank you❤️

Yum!!Instead of going out to our favourite Greek/ Lebanese Restaurant to welcome home our daughter after her summer job out West, we decided to make dinner at homeThis recipe was great for our garden salad dressing!I followed this ratio of ingredients to make approximately 1 cup:-12 Tbsp olive oil- 8 Tbsp red wine vinegar- 2 tsp each of garlic powder, dried oregano, basil- 1.5  tsp each black pepper, salt, onion powder, Dijon mustardYummylicious!

You would love each and every bite.

It was a great recipe. I read a comment about equal portions of oil and vinegar, and I liked that balance!

This recipe really is absolutely fabulous! I use it on greek salad and as a marinade for chicken.  I make a batch every week so I always have it on hand.

Delish!  And thank you to the reviewer below that scaled it down and gave the lesser quantity version of this (love that easy button)!

