For all of us that have to mess with it..... DON'T!!! It took all of my will power to not add a little of this or that. Namely garlic. This is hands down phenomenal made just as directed. Greek Hubs said I was granted a lifetime visa to Athens for this dish. Do go ahead and make a huge batch! It's even more delightful the next day

Okay, don't ask me to puree 6 tomatoes and add to a 9x13 pan unless the recipe actually works with those amounts and dimensions. Really disappointed; I ended up pouring large amounts of liquids down the drain and increasing the cooking time. 
A well crafted recipe does better.

This was good but still a bit  liquid after 1 1/2 hours. I did cut recipe in half so don’t know if that affected it or not. I put my portion in microwave to dry out. Looking forward to o reheating to tomorrow.

I thought this was pretty good and paired nice with a lamb and beef loaf that I made.  I did use 1/2 can of canned crushed tomatoes and halved the recipe.  I will use it again.  You can mix the vegetables as you like if you want more potato or more zucchini, etc.  just be sure to slice your potatoes real thing so they cook evenly with the other veggies.

Definitely had to trust the process with this one! I live on my own, so I cut the recipe down and also modified it to fit what I had at home -  in a 9×13 pan I used 1 can (28 oz) crushed tomatoes, 1 russet potato, 1 small zucchini, and 1 large red onion. Kept all the same seasonings as the recipe calls for. So yummy!! I liked using the crushed tomato, it wasn't as liquidy so it gave a lot of flavor!!

This recipe is excellent, gets even better every day being stored in the fridge!

I make this fairly often, usually paired with grilled or roasted chicken.  Line your pan with foil unless you want to do a lot of soaking. If good quality tomatoes aren't available a 28 Oz can of high quality tomato puree works too. Thanks for the recipe.

I’ve lost count how many times I made this recipe. No need to fuss with measurements. I use our holiday roasting pan and fill it up. You can’t have enough leftovers of this. A bit of olive oil on the bottom of the pan, then a layer of potatoes, zucchini, red onion, then tomatoes cut into chunks about the size of a walnut or golf ball. Some fresh ground pepper and sea salt between layers, more olive oil, then a second round of veggie layers, more salt, pepper and olive oil. Toss, bake and savor. As good as my wife’s Nona made at her home in Argyroupoli. Serve with thick chunks of crusty bread to soak up the oil, and a slab of feta. Maybe of glass of Mythos or retsina to wash it down. Yperoxos!

This was very good!

Recalled all my trips to Greece with every bite.  Absolutely delicious and the proportions aren't critical.  One onion, two zucchini, no matter.  It tastes full of sunshine the Aegean, and Minoan myths.Pairs wonderfully with Greek ribs, also on this site.  I'd suggest that you'll enjoy crusty bread, olive oil, and feta cheese to complete a fantasy trip to the Peloponnese while sitting at your dinner table.

I halved the recipe and had to use a can of diced tomatoes because I had no fresh.  I included the juice from the can, and I will omit that next time.  I also used my mandoline and I made them too thin.  In the end, my dish had too much liquid (after 1:45 on convection roast at 400), and the potatoes were like mashed, but the flavor was ON POINT.  I'm going to take the leftovers and pan fry them!  I'll make again, and if I don't have fresh maters, I'll use a can again and omit the juice.  Great recipe!

