LOVE this recipe!!! I followed many of the previous reviewers advice (especially Cloverdale1's) and these are my final changes:

only 1/2 cup olive oil
juice of 3 medium lemons
2 tablespoons minced garlic 
NO paprika (just b/c I don't have any)
1 teasp. of crushed basil 
1 teasp. of crushed oregano
1/4 teasp. cayenne pepper
1/4 teasp. crushed red pepper
Kept salt, and black pepper the same....

I am not a good planner, and I like easy cooking, so I only marinate about an hour to an hour and 1/2. Then I just put in the the broiler instead of grilling.

As you can tell, I like it spicy. Even in the broiler, this recipe kept the chicken perfectly cooked and MOIST. YUMMY!!!!
My husband and 13 year old LOVED IT, and said they want this one a lot, which is great b/c it's so easy...

This was OK but nothing special.  I did bake the chicken instead of grilling it though, due to the colder weather.  I thought it was a bit bland while my husband said he tasted the pepper more than the garlic.  A hint, though, is to take the marinated chicken out ahead of time before cooking, as the olive oil solidifies in the frig.

I loved the ease of this recipe! Prep time is maybe 10 minutes and after work, perfect! I didn’t use fresh lemon because I didn’t have one but I did have lemon juice. I used about 1/4 cup, or the juice of a lemon. I cut the EVOO way back to 1/4 cup also. I saw the bland comments so I added about a teaspoon of herbs de provenance. I let it marinate while the stove heated up and cooked it at bake, 350, until done. Made some pirogies to go with and a salad. Yum!

It's DELICIOUS 😋

It’s great to have this chicken breasts meal. I’ll try it! Michael Stice.

Greek me back irs a nice way but I must of did something wrong I will stick to Oakland Geyo Milwaukee WI 🤔

We loved this!  However, after marinating and stirring in marinade for only few mins (maybe 15-20) I cooked on high stovetop for 3-4 mins in cast iron skillet and actually poured much of the marinade right in!  Then I cooked in oven in same cast iron skillet for normal time (375 degrees for 35 mins).  Voila!  perfecto!muah :0)

I added just a small amount of white vinegar, soy sauce and oil to finish the marinade. I made this with chicken thighs and it was great!!! Next time I will grill it with breasts.

It seems quite simple and easy recipe to cook. Sometimes simple is the best! We can add extra flavors if you want to.

We loved Greek Style Garlic Chicken Breast.  It was easy to make, fresh tasting and very healthy with a flavor that pops from the grill.

I did what others suggested and it turned out great. Half the oil, 3 lemons, 1 tsp basil, 1 tsp oregano, 1/2 tsp thyme, 1/4 tsp cayenne, 1/2 tsp crushed red pepper in addition to the 1/2 tsp paprika, 1tsp salt and 1 1/2 tsp pepper. I marinated for 6 hours and basted while grilling with leftover marinate.

