I can’t thank you enough, Chef.  My first time making homemade phyllo, and it was perfect.  I picked up a package of store-bought phyllo and it was full of undesirable ingredients; I feel much better using this recipe.  I couldn’t believe that the circles didn’t stick to each other while rolling them out together.  Thanks for giving me the confidence to do something that I’ve been putting off for years.

Wasn’t as flakey as I’d like for pot pie, but it definitely tasted great! Maybe I should roll even thinner next time!

First time making it and it was great! Don't think I will go back to store bought again.

Iam a self taught baker. I have been searching for a phyllo dough. I am so grateful that Chef John shared his recipe. Thank you Thank you

Super easy to follow but my dough stuck together so gonna try it again

EXCELLENT recipe! After all the years of trying this is the one, a real keeper! Thank you!

Easy to make, fun to make, and is great phyllo dough!

Awesome recipe! I have made this many times for baklava and spanakopita. The trick is to use the least amount of flour when rolling and then taking the sheets apart and re-stacking them for the best results. I let my phyllo dough rest under a bowl instead of in plastic wrap, works just the same. It does take some practice but when you do it right it comes out perfectly.

Once upon a time filo pastry was made without plastic!!! Please offer the original method instead of all this plastic!

Hi guys, female qualified chef here.
After being asked by my boss to make a vegan phyllo by hand I chanced upon this recipe:
1. It does stick together well if you knead it adequately, which for me making a double recipe took 25 minutes by hand
2. Rolling all the layers together only works if you put LOTS of starch between the layers, and it still takes a massive amount of time. The best result I got was putting each layer In a pasta machine, making paper thin,  and Drowning in olive oil between layers at the direction of my head chef (still took a long time to roll the layers paper thin)

I made this and used to make ground pork egg rolls! But I need to do it again. The dough is a little fiddley. I'll keep practicing.

