Yummy! One tip: if you use Greek yogurt you don't have to drain first. It is available in almost every supermarket near the regular yogurt.

PLEASE do yourself a favor and convert the "1 Tablespoon salt" to about half that or less. Same with the pepper. The recipe is completely inedible with that much salt.

A weird recipe, with way too much salt and pepper and not enough garlic. However I appreciated the use of lemon zest and juice instead of vinegar used in most recipes, so this eventually led me to developing a recipe I love -- about half the salt, just a dash of black pepper, and 3-4 garlic cloves. I also threw in 1/2 tsp of onion powder, as someone else had suggested.

Hi everybody,  i am Greek  :) , so please make me a favour and replace the lemon juice with half shot of vinegar. Also remove the lemon zest.Also please add garlic... depends on your taste!!!

It's a an easy recipe to play with once you've made it a few times. I use nonfat greek yogurt, add more lemon juice and garlic, less salt and pepper, and find dried dill more flavorful than fresh.

Yummy

This recipe is the best ever. I have been making it over the years. Never changed a thing. It's perfect exactly how Leelee Cooks put it together.

Insanely good.  Insanely fresh. I didn't have enough 5% Fage yogurt so I made up the difference with sour cream. Other than that did not change anything.  One comment was to add a smidge of onion powder but since I was making Shawarma with grilled onions I didn't do that.

Cool and creamy, but I missed a subtle taste of onion so I put a half teaspoon of onion powder in and woke that baby up just a tudge.  Made it much more wowzer! Used it to make 3 dishes, Instead of chicken livers used chicken breasts in the stroganoff, chicken in gyro with homemade tzatziki sauce, and baked chicken breasts with yogurt sauce.  The only thing extra is my 5lbs.

Feel free to experiment (or substitute entirely) with 1 to 3 tablespoons of freshly chopped cilantro (aka coriander) and/or parsley in place of or in addition to the recipe's call for dill. You may also wish to try adding some heat by adding one (and only 1) Serrano pepper (they look like really  skinny fingers and come in colors of green and red) to your Tzatzeki recipe (chopped finely).   But beware of adding too much heat: those rounded and colorful chilis (called Habanero peppers) are way too hot and will ruin your Tzatzek yogurt dip). The only other veggie i would add would be finely chopped onion.

My first attempt at tzatziki and it was very good!  I shredded the cucumber very fine, I think that was key.  Also made about 1/10th of this recipe! - Aug 2022

