As a person of Lebanese heritage, I have tasted and cooked many stuffed grapeleaf recipes.  Most of them have meat, and I was looking for a vegetarian version.  I used a vegetable broth instead of chicken for this recipe.  This recipe was OUTSTANDING for flavor. I also added some toasted pine nuts.  My one suggestion is to make sure that the rice is undercooked before stuffing. I cooked it to long, and the final cooking time of one hour was to long for the rice.  It was kind of mushy.  But the flavor and texture (before the last cooking) was delicious.

Wow.  These were very time-consuming to make, and they didn't even taste good.  The smell when cooking these was awesome, though!  
The #1 part of the instructions was basically to make soup.  Way too much liquid.
I can't say I've got any inclination to try this again.

I have an annual tradition of cooking a gyro meal for Easter, and for several years I have made this recipe to go along with it.  I've tried a few other dolma recipes, but none really compare.  As for all the comments about the rice mixture being too soupy, I'd simply say that you need to go by the "until rice is almost cooked" instruction as opposed to just the 10 to 15 minutes.  But the real trick to making these phenomenal is in storing and serving them.  After cooking and draining the dolmas, I put them in a large container and pour one or two lemons' worth of juice over them.  I serve them cold and let the acidity be the star.  They are super fresh and tasty.

It's soup!!! Too much liquid. I followed to the T and the filling was so loose they were impossible to roll. But I did my best n finished the recipe as directed adding even more liquid to the already soupy mixture. The picture it what it looks like as it's now simmering. It tasted good so far so I'm hoping we can at least eat it.  Very disappointedDO NOT RECOMMEND.

I found this recipe on here about 10 years ago.  This has been my go-to recipe for dolmas ever since then.   Just need to remember to add a tiny bit of salt if you are using low sodium chicken broth.  And you should probably cook them a little less because the grape leaves tear easily if cooked too long.  Flavor is absolutely perfect!  I have had so many compliments about these over the years.  My hat is off to the poster of this recipe!  Opa!

This was the first time that I have made stuffed grape leaves. Although it was time consuming, I think they are really good. They are still cooking in the broth so I am not sure what I am to do afterwards. There were no clear instructions for that. I am assuming that I drain the broth and leave the grape leaves in tack.  Hopefully, they will be okay.

I have made these many times. Each time I enjoy them more. They are better than any I have had in a restaurant. I love the fact

Came out amazing. I added toasted pine nuts and it gave it a great nutty flavour. My 9-year old devoured them up.

WOW! This was great.  It great day after also as my lunch.  It has a cooling effect on your inside because of the mint, I suppose.  I look forward to make this again.  The only thing I would do different is make the rice less cooked in the first stage.  I did head the warning but I would be even more cautious next time.  Though this did in no way effect my enjoyment of the dish.

This is an excellent recipe which I will make over and over again. It's uncomplicated and the grape leaves I bought made the job of rolling them up much easier than I've experienced before. We ate them warm, and they were even better cold!

Instead of rolling the rice mixture in the leaves I chopped up the leaves and cooked them with the rice mixture. It turned out great!

