Perhapes some might find this suggestion sacralicous, but I use brown rice and cook if fully. Then I cook the oinion and mix it with the seasonings and add it all to the rice. Then the grapeleaves are ready for stuffing. These alterations to the recipe save A LOT of time and make it a little healthier (Brown rice has a little more body anyway.)

my grandpa was from the middle east and I remember these growing up I love them. Only we made them with ground lamb breast with rice and mint and lemon. yummy. I can't ever find grapeleaves with lamb in them, not even in a restaurant that sells them I will try this but will add lamb and leave the currants and pinenuts out, as that is not how I like them.

Since I was making this dish for a bunch of people with various allergies, I had to remove the onions (added a little extra rice) and I replaced the broth with water. I think it was a little bland for that reason, I'll just have to figure out how to give it a little extra flavor...

The dish is not Turkish. It's Armenian.

My husband is Syrian and I have tried many versions of grape leaves. Our grape leaves are delicious we make a vegetarian recipe that is wonderful as well as the traditional rice and lamb version. The vegetarian recipe has chickpeas, rice, tomato, spices, oil, parsley, green onion, fresh mint, and lemon. 
This recipe was the absolute worst that I have ever had. Now I understand why some people make a face when I talk about grape leaves...they probably had something similar to this recipe. I cant describe how bad they were... I went back and checked the recipe, believing I left out a pertinent ingredient. I followed the recipe exactly. Don't waste your time and effort on these. A one star rating is too high!

I had to adjust the taste of the filing a bit to get it to a better place. It was ok, and edible. But I'll try a different recipe next time.

These taste exactly like the ones we are served on our holidays to Greece.  Exactly!  I did not have the dill and I used brown rice and sultanas, which I chopped a little instead of currants, the grape vine leaves were our own we preserved last summer.  I followed the recipe apart from that!  This made a lot of dolmades, but we ate the left overs cold for lunch the next day.  Heaven!

I made these for a potluck party and couldn't bring them.  I followed the directions exactly as said, both in this recipe and how to prepare the grape leaves by putting them in boiling water for a minute.  But this didn't work out at all.  The grape leaves were stringy and never softened up.  The filling was good, but the rest of it - This was such a disappointment because based on the reviews, I thought this was a sure fire hit.

This recipe is awesome!!! Didn't have mint so I substituted parsley.  Saw some other reviews, backed off of cinnamon a bit, but added a grate or two or three of nutmeg. Used a steamer basket, drizzled a little bit of oil and lemon juice on top. Whatever the method, the rice recipe is incredible, thank you.

I could not find currants, so i used dried cranberries. Also i could not find dried mint, so i ended up using orange peel for that splash of flavor! It added some zest. I made this recipe for 50 people and it went over very well! Also using a veggie steamer really helped.   I cooked the rice separate from the onions and added a little more tomato paste so that the mixture could stick a little better! WONDERFUL RECIPE!

Thanks for this great recipe! I have grapes and really wanted a good dolma recipe. This is IT! I reduced the cinnamon  the 2nd time around, but don't eliminate it, the cinnamon is such an important flavor in this recipe! Oh, I also eliminated currants because i just don't like them.

