Very good recipe, Cyndi!  I scaled it down quite a bit, but I wish I wouldn't have with the mint.  My family discovered they liked feta, so thanks for that, too!  I would recommend cooking this in foil that has been sprayed because it burned a little in my pan.  I think next time I'll cut the potatoes in rounders rather than wedges, and I'll add the feta for the last minute or so of cooking time.

Followed the recipes exactly with ok results but no wow factor. May or may not make again.These are just average.

Pretty good.  Not really that special but we liked it.  I'm not sure why it took so darn long for these to roast.

What a fantastic recipe, I am also making grilled lamb chops with this. I must say though that I scaled it by half. What flavors!

love these

It wasn't bad, by any means, but it isn't something I'm going to make again. There are too many more delicious ways to make potatoes.

These were amazing... I cooked them in a cuisinart enamled iron pot with the lid on and they were more than done in 1 hour, and probably didn't need all the water. They weren't crispy how I hoped, but my husband loved them and they were still great. Next time I will try someone else's suggestion to roast on a large baking sheet on the top rack and to dry the potatoes well with a towel to make them crispy :)

This one of those recipes where the leftovers are better than the day originally cooked.  I will make again but the night before and let them rest in the refrigerator.

This recipe is delicious!  The first time I made it I didn’t have fresh mint, so I used 1/4 tsp of mint tea leaves and it was still addictive!  I decided to make these again one week later, but this time I have fresh mint (and I used 2 tsp) and I decided to reduce the oil from 3/4 of a cup to 2/3 of a cup because I thought it was too much the first time.  Also I used my favorite Feta which is “Vigo”; it’s super creamy and tasty without being overly salty like other brands and it’s 100% sheep’s milk which is authentic.

I did not have any fresh mint on hand. The cooking time was too long. Some of the potato wedges burned. The feta cheese sprinkled on top made this dish yummy, but it may have been too strong of a flavor for my kids.

Very flavourful! A recipe that is well worth trying.

