I made this for lunch and it was spectacular. The spices were right on. Really, really good!! I cut the recipe in half and added the lemon "to taste". I have made enough recipes with lemon to know that all lemons are different. I added the zest of one lemon and tasted the soup. It was "almost" perfect. I added just a tablespoon of juice after that and it was perfectly lemony, just how we like it. Also, I just added the uncooked orzo to the soup and let it boil for about 8 minutes. We didn't have any left overs. Anyone that isn't familiar with cooking with orzo should know that it does completely soak up the broth where leftovers are concerned, so if you know you are making more than will be eaten, you should make it on the side and add to each bowl; otherwise, the next day there will not be any liquid in the soup left. Delicious and I will be making this again soon!!

Fine. May as well make avolemona instead

I’ve had this recipe saved for a long time, and I’m sorry that it’s taken me this long to make it.  It lived up to my expectations, it’s delicious!  We’re heading into soup season (even in Florida), and I can see this reappearing soon on my menu.

So delicious!

Preparation time was more than anticipated. Made as per recipe detail, aside from also adding 'needed to use' zucchini at the end of vegetables cooking. (Added zucchini after orzo and chicken were added.)  The fresh lemon flavor is terrific addition.  Delicious with and without parmesan cheese.  Planning to make this for family and friends!

Great flavor. I pour the broth over egg noodles a personal preference.And add either escarole or bok Choy.Thank you for sharing.

Since I like chicken with a lemony flavor I knew this soup was for me!  I made a half batch with a few changes to suit my taste.   Since I like lemon I increased the amount but left out the onion.  Sometimes onion overpowers soup.  I kept the orzo separate since I do that with all soups.   The flavor is delicious and more tasty than regular chicken soup…. My new favorite soup recipe!  I look forward to making this for my family.

This is delicious. My 7 year old thought so too. Added chard and okra, didn’t have spinach. Tasty. Will add to rotation of chicken soups.

I would love to say I followed the recipe exactly, but I was missing a few ingredients, so I improvised. I didn't have broth so I used chicken bouillon and a couple of veggie bouillon since I was out of celery and only had 1/2 an onion. I also cooked the chicken and orzo in the broth, and I only added maybe a tablespoon of lemon juice to it because my hubby isn't a fan of lemon, and I figured I can always add more to my bowl. Hubby tasted the soup, and he likes it!Will make this again, hopefully with the proper ingredients.

Delicious!My 9yo grandson's favorite soup.He calls it "Green Soup" because of the spinach. He has taken it to school for lunch so many times his teacher asked for the recipe.He said, "For a 4th grader to get that excited over a thermos of soup, it must be good".

Absolutely amazing! I just added 1 teaspoon of the rosemary and oregano instead of 1/2 teaspoon as we love herbs. We have tried a couple other recipes and this will be our go to for sure : )

