I really like this not too sweet dessert! I followed the recipe exactly except for one thing: I continued to cook the mixture for 1 minute after adding cornstarch to make sure it wouldn’t taste starchy.

This recipe is simple and delicious. I was looking to replicate a recipe from a local pizza shop that stopped selling their rice pudding and this recipe is spot on. Thank you! It’s thick, and not too sweet.

I cooked medium grain (sushi) rice in our new Faberware instant pot on the rice setting (P03).  Package said 1 1/2 cups rice to 2 cups water, so that's what I did, and it turned out perfect.  While this was cooking, I heated the 2 cups milk with the 4 tbs sugar at a notch below medium on the gas stove in a sauce pan, stirring here and there with a wooden spoon until just about to boil.  I poured in the 1/2 cup of milk with the 4 tbs corn starch, and 1 tsp vanilla (mixed with a fork in glass liquid measuring cup).  I simply added cooked rice until I liked the consistency.  About 2 cups worth.  Cooked on stove after until it thickened up like how I wanted it to feel when stirring it.  Looked about right too, with equal parts sauce and rice, or just so.  Turned out great!  My 83-year-old mom loved it.  Had seconds.  No cinnamon for her, though.  Doesn't like it, but love this pudding.  Thank you.

Such a quick and easy recipe, had 2L of milk that was going to expire and didn't want it to go to waste.
I adapted the recipe by cooking the rice in milk and gradually adding the sugar throughout and it came out with an extra creamy/custard like consistency , my partner who is half greek loved it!
I did add a pinch of salt just to balance the sweetness and probably only used 3 tbs

Super easy to make! Not too sweet, but still perfect for my sweet tooth! I like to add nutmeg and cinnamon as well.

This is a delicious recipe for rice pudding. It is creamy and easy to make. Just Before ladling into individual serving dishes, I mixed in 1/4 cup of  drained raisins that I had earlier soaked in   1/4 cup of warmed coconut rum.  Really flavorful!

I made this and for our tastes, it needed more sugar.  I would add about 4 more Tablespoons sugar.  Otherwise, I really liked the pudding and it is easy to make.

I really like this not too sweet dessert! I followed the recipe exactly except for one thing: I continued to cook the mixture for 1 minute after adding cornstarch to make sure it wouldn’t taste starchy.

We're not into very sugary desserts so I used only 3 tablespoons of sugar instead of the 4 as directed.  It was excellent, very creamy, a hit with my family.

yummy!

