Excellent.I served it with my own recipe for tzatziki sauce...
1/2 container sour cream
1/4 cucumber, shredded and drained
3 cloves garlic, shredded
1 teaspoon dill weed
salt to taste
Mix, then let sit for an hour and then mix again...very garlicy and yummy...I used it on everything (hamburgers as a topping, dipping sauce, wraps, etc) You will ove it!

it was ok, i thought it would be a lil more exotic. we'll probably make it again. i made enough marinade for the vegetables & pork.

was very good.  I marinaded the chicken for 8 hrs. We unfortunately couldn't grill them so I made them on the stove.  My daughter wanted to eat this with rice so I made extra marinade to pour on top of the rice w. the tzatziki sauce.

excellent marinade! Yes, I know there’s no soy sauce in Greek cuisine, this is still an awesome marinade for pork, chicken, beef, or lamb. Simple to make, if you don’t have a grill, you can do them in the oven or even your stove top. Serve on rice, by themselves with roasted veggies, or even in a warm pita or naan with tzatziki and sautéed onions. Versatile dish with lots of possibilities.

Outstanding. Was so curious to try it because of the soy sauce. How UnGreek. What a surprise. This is delicious and tastes authentic.  The meat is incredibly tender and the acid of the lemon juice is mellowed. It must be the soy sauce because that’s the only difference from the usual. Try it. It’s fantastic.

Husband made this for dinner.  It was delicious with lots of leftovers.  We made this with grilled potato salad and grilled zucchini.  We will definitely make this again as pork is inexpensive.

great adapt.

Delicious, didnt have skewers so i tossed it with rice.

I had to defer to the 400 degree oven method for 30 minutes and it turned out delicious. Served it with a taziki side and it was a hit. Less than 15 minutes to prepare but the timemarinade time is a key -

It was so good. I marinated it overnight and it was fine!  Didn’t change a thing.

I really enjoyed the flavors of this dish. I cut the meat up and marinated it for 24 hours. I stir fried it like another reviewer and made a taziki sauce per another reviewer (excellent sauce for this dish and completely elevates the flavor profile).

