I used plain lowfat or no fat yougurt rather than sour cream

As a greek american living in Greece just a few suggestions.  Make sure you drain as much juice from the cucumber before mixing.  Use then about a 1/2 cup of extra virgin olive oil in the mixture to smooth it out.  In Greece no one uses mustard so that is up to taste of anyone.  It is best if it sits about 8 hours in fridge and put a piece of loaf bread on top so it will soak up extra moisture from cucumber.  Remove bread before serving.

Best recipe

I had to add about 1/2 tsp of white pepper, but the family loved it.

Ezzee peezy if you have all the ingredients, which I had substituting Yogurt for Sour Cream, Vunder bar....take that you Donner folks...Voila !

ive been makin this for years now, it is an excellent base recipe as is but i feel ive perfected it. first,  mix 50/50 greek yogurt and sour cream.  cut out cucumber seeds and finely grate. omit mustard, not necessary,  add a lil quality olive oil and a pinch of s+p and viola,  perfection. also, fresh dill does make a difference

Easy and adaptable! I used plain dairy free yogurt and adjusted the seasonings to taste. Will make again.

We enjoyed this dip very much.  
I used full fat plain Greek yogurt because it's what I had in the fridge. I actually had a little sour cream but not enough for the whole recipe so I just went with the yogurt. I used 2 fresh garlic cloves that I grated into the mix and I omitted the mustard because it doesn't belong in Greek gyro sauce IMHO.   I used  fresh dill,  and grated the cucumber. 
 It was very close to the dip/ sauce they serve at the Greek place close to our house.
This is nice to have to put on gyros, Greek salad, which is what I used it for, or crudite. 
You can feel good about eating this and it tastes really fresh!

The aftertaste of Greek yogurt is terrible.
This recipe has the great flavor I was looking for.

This recipient was great! I used it in conjunction with Chef John’s flank steak, added some Naan bread, literally whipped it up right before we ate and it was delicious - a twist on the traditional gyros. Next time I’ll prepare it ahead and see what happens. I did exchange the sour cream for Greek yoghurt as I don’t use sour cream, but otherwise it was made as described less the overnight sit.

Excellent. Didn’t add mustard but added a little olive oil as suggested by another.  Will definitely make again

