I made this hummus with black beans at first and it turned out good.  However, when I substituted black beans with garbanzo beans - it turned out even better!  You will need to use more liquid with garbanzo beans, though.

Didn't care for this at all, maybe I'm not a hummus person, but it was so bland! It is far easier to whip up the onion soup mix/sour cream dip and just use fat free sour cream to be healthier.

Delicious with no variations.

Easy to make…I love garlic so I added three cloves….I used it as a spread on my wraps.

I’ve made this several times, switching things up until I got it to my liking. Not to be “that guy” but hummus is garbanzo, so technically this is not a hummus recipe, it’s a black bean dip. I did not care for the flavor of the olives so left those out after using them the first time. I doubled the cumin and cayenne and added a tablespoon of chili crisp to spice it up. I like my version so will stick with it.

Maybe just using black beans is too earthy a taste for me but I didn’t think it worked. I added significantly more tahini, lemon juice and salt to make it slightly palatable.

Super easy and delicious recipe just as it is! no modifications needed.  Forgot to add the kalamata olive garnish - will do that next time!

I liked the change up - the greek olives I blended into the mix and added oil packed sun dried tomatos and fresh cilantro.  Good recipe very flexible.

Excellent!! This is the first hummus I have ever made but seeing it was black bean made me want to try it. It is ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC! My son watched me make it and tasted a some and immediately asked for the recipe.  Definitely a keeper!

Found this after looking for recipes to incorporate more legumes in my pregnancy diet. Didn't have olives or cayenne, tahini, and it was a great! The second time, I made it without the cumin and garlic (as it adds a bit too strong of a spice), and it was good as well. It's better if you let it sit overnight, and good with carrot and cucumber sticks. Definitely add more lemon juice if you want more a taste to it.

Delicious!! SOOOO GOOD!!

