I thought it needed a little more depth so added a tablespoon of Beef Base & Seasoning

I was interested in trying this recipe because of the atypical spices. It sounded different. While tasty, it was a bit disappointing, as I didn't get the layering of flavors I expected. I think it could be made better and faster on the stove top, rather than in a slow cooker.

Wonderfully exotic and tasty.  Followed the recipe as written, using apple cider vinegar and Campo Viejo Rioja Tempranillo wine (dry red).  My personal touch was the addition of a slight t. of Greek spice blend (brought home from Greece).  The sweetness of the shallots balanced the acidity of the sauce nicely.Served with mashed potatoes, Peloponesian dolmas, and whole wheat pitettes.  And the Spanish red wine, natch.Much enjoyed by all!  Will definitely make again.

Very tasty with the cinnamon stick and nutmeg addition.  Had only white wine so, used that instead and it made a delicious broth.  Also added some carrots and celery.  Steamed peeled russet potato instead of rice.  Used the beef-stew setting on InstantPot after Saute but doubled the cooking time.

For me, nutmeg and cinnamon overpowered this dish, in a similar way I've found Allspice does as well. i just don't associate those flavors with meat based dishes. My wife felt the same.

Making this in the Instant Pot was a breeze.  You can sauté then switch to the slow cook method-
Easy!!  The meat in this stew was delicious.  I loved the warm spices.  My store did not have baby shallot so I subbed onions.  I think I would have preferred chunked up onion.  The sauce flavor was good and needs much salt, so make sure to season your meat and add more before serving.   I served it over egg noodles, with crusty bread  and with a side of broccoli for added veggies.

Very nice change from the standard beef stew! Full disclosure - I don't tend to actually *measure* ingredients on recipes like this, but I used the full ingredient list. (Except for the baby shallots - couldn't find them at my grocery store so I used pearl onions instead.) The only real change I made was to do this on the stove-top instead of the slow cooker since I didn't decide in time. I let the beef simmer in a little beef broth for an hour or so to get tender, then cooked most of the liquid off before adding the wine, tomatoes, herbs, and spices. I'm sure letting it stew all day in the slow cooker would have blended the flavors even better, but the stove-top version was very good.

I thought it needed a little more depth so added a tablespoon of Beef Base & Seasoning

Was wonderful.  This goes into the company fule fore sure.

What kind of vinegar please?
Balsamic, white, apple cider, malt? I am sure using the wrong one will be a game changer 
Thanks

This was very good on a cool fall day. I didn't have six hours to cook it so  used a clay pot. You didn't specify what type of vinegar so I used sherry vinegar.  Next time, I think I'd add some oregano. Thanks for the recipe. I'll make it again.

