This was very, very good, but I did make some changes.  I prepared the marinade exactly as written, but I marinated the chicken pieces for about 5 hours, which was perfect.  The tzatziki sauce I had to alter:  I substituted lemon juice for the vinegar and added a teaspoon of dried dill weed.  I served this as sandwiches, with pita warmed on the grill, sliced red onion and tomatoes.  Completely yummy!

I put in about three cloves of garlic and like to use malt vinegar rather than white vinegar and about table spoon.  It gives it that extra kick.

Very yummy, but I did add a bit of lemon juice to the tzatziki sauce

this recipe is so easy and so good..   It's fresh and light, the only change I made was to use lemon juice in the sauce instead of vinegar.

Very simple recipe that turns out perfectly each and every time. Thx for this one.

I thought it was great and will have it again.  My wife thought it was a bit too garlicky, but I like garlic, so I'll have it again.  I'll fix her a different sauce, but I'll have it again.

Best chicken recipie ever.lol

This is a staple in our house! I use a different recipe for tzatziki, but the marinade is so easy and tender. We just straight grill, no skewers. I baked it once but I prefer to grill. I usually serve it with sliced cucumbers, onions, pita bread or rice. Plus it's tzatziki of course. Amazing!

Awesome.  Add some pita, and it's a bit of heaven!

Wow, it is always amazing to me how something so simple can taste so good.  The souvlaki marinade was wonderful and the tzatziki sauce is your standard recipe.  I served these to guests offering them to build either a sandwich with pita bread or a bowl.  I provided rice, grilled vegetables, olives, tomatoes, pickled red onions and feta.  It was a huge success!

Delicious! I followed the recipe with the only differences being I cut the chicken breast into thin strips and threaded them onto skewers, and I cooked them on my Ninja Foodi XL Grill and Griddle and grilled on high for 8 minutes.

