I just made this tonight. I made some modifications…used a can of tomatoes, 1/2 can diced green chiles, used 1/4 tsp. powdered ginger, added 1/4 tsp. of cayenne, and left out the coriander because I didn't have any. This recipe only took me maybe 15 minutes to make because of the canned ingredients (oh, the canned tomatoes made it so that I didn't have to add water at the end). This tasted wonderful! I go to Indian restaurants often and it definitely rivaled the chana masala I've had there. My husband also loved it. There was enough sauce that I probably could have added another can of chickpeas and it would have still been fine. Thank you for the great recipe!

I found that to get a 'golden brown color' and 'separation of the oil', I had to saute this for 20-30 minutes instead of 2-3. The overcooking must have released a bitter component (from the onion, garlic or ginger). I like the idea of using the blender instead of chopping and grating, but next time would follow the direction to saute for only a few minutes and ignore the direction to saute until golden brown or until the oil separates. Doing the latter two ruined the dish.

Used a can of Rotel instead of the separate tomato and chili pepper. I did not have any bay leaf so just added some basil instead. Otherwise followed recipe exactly and it turned out great. Served with naan bread

Excellent recipe, very close to what we get in an Indian restaurant. Easy to make and fairly quick. Finding fresh bay leaves maybe a challenge depending where you live. I tried it with dried Bay leaves a few times and we were happy with the results.

I loved the recipe however I added tomato paste for a little tang and 1 tsp extra coriander and cumin powder (didnt have just coriander powder).

Loved it! It’s my go too as I have made it several times! I also always add more spices. This time I actually roasted the garlic and tomatoes. I will let you know the difference. Cooking it now and letting it cook slow all day.Edit: It’s fabulous! Even more so! Slow Roasted the veggies this morning… yum!

I am happy with all the flavors in this recipe.  It was easy to make.  I will definitely make it again!  YUM!

Great recipe, but like others said add more spice.I didnt have a food processor so I just diced everything up fairly well, and added a small can of tomato paste for the consistency. Worked great and an easy simple meal to cook.

First off, I'll make this agian.Easy to make.Simple ingredient list.Very pleased with the results. Thank you.Substitutions:small can of salt free tomato sauce instead of a tomatoused Cumin and allspice in place of garham maslacooked chickpeas first in shallow water,  saved the water to ad back if necessary.

Only giving 4 stars as I, like others doubled up on the spices. I also added 1tsp of cumin for a more authentic taste. Doubled the salt and added freshly ground black pepper. Will def make again!

I don't review a lot of recipes, but I'm sold on this one.  Soooo easy and the flavors are amazing.  I added more of each of the spices (because I love them) and put in a little bit of cardamom (because everything tastes better with cardamom), but did everything else exactly according to the recipe and it is fantastic.  This may become a staple in my refrigerator for snacking.  Thank you for offering this to the group!

