This recipe is phenomenal.  I've made it many times, varying the recipe each time (adding a bit of fresh ginger, removing the chile peppers, adding additional veggies, reducing oil, etc.) and it always turns out fantastic.  It's quick, scalable, fairly healthy and delicious.  Thank you, CeesHouse!

I cut the recipe in half & subbed about a tsp of horseradish for the mustard seeds. (it was the recommended sub for black mustard seeds by foodsubs.com). I used a dried chipotle chile pepper. Next time I will cut the pepper by half...it was very spicy. I even used more than the called for sugar to try & cut through the spicyness. Luckily, I served this w/ Mango Madness Salad (from this site) which really helped cool things off. I will make again but I will cut back on the chile. I loved the sugary garlic pieces...next time I am making some candied garlic cloves  to use as a garnish. (boil about 10 cloves in a cup of water for about 8 minutes or until water is mostly gone. Add a couple of tbp of sugar & cook, stirring constantly until sugar is golden brown...turn out onto greased pan or parchment paper)

Just about to make this. Saw the comment about Madhur Jaffrey and sure enough - h-this is HER recipe. It is bound to be wonderful. Bit boo to All Recipes for not crediting her.

This was great and healthy! I couldn't find the dried pepper at my local grocery store so I had to use dried chile pepper flakes.

I love -love --LOVE -this dish!  This has been a consistent crowd pleaser.I have made this about 15x's over the past few years and have turned more than a few people on to this excellent, tasty, and vegetarian side.I cut the oil quite a bit, and use Organic Coconut Oil...I Increase the Red Pepper flakes ('cause I do love the  spiciness of this recipe), ...But whatever you do,..DON'T SKIP the BLACK MUSTARD SEEDS! - They're a little hard to find (try online, like Vitacost.com or Amazon.com) but they MAKE this dish! They're an essential part!It's got all the elements! It's a little salty, a little savory, a little sweet (you NEED the sugar to balance the salt) with a little Indian heat; it's great. - Serve piping-hot w/ fresh ground black pepper!

Incredibly simple to make and surprisingly flavorful! Sorted a busy work day in a jiffy.

I made this as a side with some curry for indian dinner night with my family. It is delicious, spicy, but not too spicy. I had to go to three stores to find the black mustard seeds, but it was worth it bc they make this dish really tasty.

This recipe seems to have been lifted directly from the renowned "Madhur Jaffrey's Indian Cooking" cookbook (page 102) with no attribution.  Excellent recipe though.

I followed this recipe to the letter. I used 2 pounds French style beans. I lied I added more Garlic and broke the red pepper. My family wiped them out which they never do. Thank you for a great recipe.

Very quick and delicious recipe. My husband loved it. Lady D

First this is a great recipe.  I’d give it 5 stars but the recipe and the video do not quite jibe. The recipe asked to crush a chili pepper and add it to the garlic and mustard seed mixture. The video adds a slightly crushed chili pepper that is still whole and removed in the end prior to serving.

