I made this dish for family and friends for dinner and it was awesome , I used white wine vinegar instead of white vinegar. The dish was complimented with a pairing of coconut rice and green and yellow beans that where sauteed in chili oil garlic, onion, sweet red pepper, jalapenos and finished with a little grated ramano cheese yummmm.

My husband and I didn't like this recipe at all. The meet was tender, but his was a dissapointment. We followed the recipe to the letter, and I guess it turned out the way it was supposed to. Still, I think this needs more chillies, more genuine Indian taste for us to like it. But we did have fun cooking together though!

My go to recipe for Goan Pork Vindaloo.  I almost know it off by heart now.    I use pork shoulder and trim the fat off to make scratchings!    I like a hot curry so usually a large scotch bonnet goes in.   I find cider vinegar compliments the pork nicely.    This recipe also works well with lamb shoulder.Far superior Vindaloo to what you get from most curry houses in the UK.

It's lovely and when I cooked it to my boss he really loved it and every week he wants more

Followed the recipe to the T. Turned out exactly as how it should taste as I'm a Goan and this is one of our traditional dish. I just added more chillies as I like it spicy. Thank you for sharing this recipe.

Banging,

I love the delicious peppery and spiciness of this recipe.  It is not the same spice flavor as in a lot of Tex-Mex dishes I have prepared, where your sinuses clear and eyes start to water immediately.

Allow time for pork to marinate a day in advance.

This is a terrific and really simple recipe. As a person of Indian origin, this recipe reminds me of the wonderful vindaloos I would eat at my neighbors house ( a Goan family) during special occasions. Since relocating to the States, I have always longed for authentic vindaloo but what you find at Indian restaurants in the US are usually  bastardized versions, catered to satisfy everyone,  and you end up with nothing resembling a real vindaloo.  
This recipe uses the right amount of Kashmiri red chilies, vinegar and other spices that make for an authentic vindaloo paste. The overnight marination is also a crucial part of the process and so is the slow cook. Do not rush this, take your time and the outcome will be rewarding. 
Thanks for the wonderful recipe!

I used 8 Kashmiri chillies instead of 16, and because some reviewers have said the curry wasn't spicy enough, I left in the seeds. I had to use almost 4 tablespoons of vinegar to make the paste for the marinade. Also, I didn't have the time to marinate the pork overnight, which I admit was a BIG mistake!! After cooking, the vindaloo curry was tasty, but the pork hadn't really absorbed the flavours. The next day I dumped the whole lot into a slow cooker on medium, also added an additional quarter cup vinegar, and half cup water, and let it stew for 3 hours. OMG, that made such a difference. The pork meat absorbed the spices and tasted so good!! My advice .. Don't miss out on marinating the meat or if you do, slow cook it later!!

Family raved for days about this dish. I added a couple of jalapeños to make it spicier. Worried a little that it might taste of vinegar,  but it didn't. Highly recommended.

I made this dish use purple onion purple onion paste and chopped onion purple of course and potato

