This was my first time venturing into the world of Indian cooking. 

What an easy, wonderful, tasty meal. I followed the recipe and some of the reviewers suggestions. I used non-fat yogurt and the food coloring. I did add the cilantro to the marinade, in addition to putting it on after. 

I marinated it for the 24 hours and it was PERFECT. Spicy and flavorful. I will be making this MANY times and hope to share it with all my friends.

Updated: I make this about twice a month. I make 16 chicken thighs and freeze them for when I want some of this tasty meat. I also bake this at 400 degrees for about 30 minutes.

This version is perfectly edible but pales, in MY opinion, when compared to Tandoori chicken generally available. I suspect that this may be the result of cooking at too low a temperature. A Tandoor is an Indian clay oven, where the temperatures regularly reach levels far hotter than the standard kitchen oven. I tried this recipe as specified and was disappointed, and I have given 3 stars as a result. I then cooked it at a much higher temperature, which resulted in a better consistency but dried it out too much. I finally slightly increased all the quantities of spices and yoghurt and cooked that on the highest heat I could, and found THAT would have rated 4.5 stars. So the spice combination is good, the principle is good, the cooking is not. I strongly reiterate that this is MY opinion. I also have a vague problem with using food colouring. By using Turmeric, you can get a good yellow colour without needing the artificiality of colouring, and tomato purée (or harissa if you like heat) can add a reddish tinge.

Next time use bone in chicken.  I added extra garam masalaand cayenne pepper and used ginger powder in addition to fresh. I didn't use any food coloring.

Added a little more pepper to spice it up to where my family love it - only managed to marinade for 4 hours - still perfect (will definitely do the 24hr next time to see if there is much difference)

I ate Chicken Tandoori the other day and just had to find a way to make it at home. The flavor in this recipe to me is a perfect match. I used ground ginger instead of fresh ginger and a pack of about 16 small boneless/skinless chicken thighs. Marinated for 24 hours  and cooked in the oven at 425 for 30 minutes each side.

Added kashmiri chillies and blended the marinade.
Also used chicken breast cubes on wooden skewers - they disappeared coming off the grill

I used plain coconut yogurt as I can't have dairy, and it was really delicious... I'm sure it would have been better if I had actually marinated it, but thought of this about 10 minutes before cooking dinner!  I grilled it, and it just came out very moist and yummy.

Definitely a winner - the star of an Indian food feast served to friends.  Followed the recipe pretty closely, including the food coloring.  I added some turmeric as well - but the color was off enough to persuade me to use the food coloring - and very glad I did, yummy and well seasoned result.  Delicious and very visually appealing after cooked.  Thanks for this recipe - made me look like a gourmet champ.

This recipe was tasty and very simple to prepare. I left out the food colouring (not necessary in my opinion), and I used  my own Garam Masala spice blend.i find it has a much brighter flavour than store bought

My first time trying Tandoori Chicken and it was a hit!  Surprisingly authentic tasting; even with the food colouring.  Followed recipe exactly and made the naan recipe on this site to go with it. Cant believe I did it all myself.  Yummy!! Marinated chicken for 27hrs and recommend marinating for as long as you can- at least overnight.

I found this recipe because my mom makes something similar but I couldn’t remember how she did it. I followed the recipe except omitted the food coloring and cilantro because I didn’t have any. I only marinated for 1 hour and definitely plan to marinate overnight next time as you can really taste the difference. This totally hit the spot, but wasn’t quite as good as mom’s. As a bonus, my toddler loved it!

