I don't give many 5-star ratings and this isn't a perfect recipe, but it produced the best saag I have made so far (after trying three other recipes). I am puzzled by the reviews that say this is bland. My husband and I like our food heavily seasoned (and spicy). Both of us were pleasantly surprised when we didn't feel the need to add chile paste, hot sauc, etc! I admittedly measured the spices generously, and I did use coconut milk instead if cream, too. In fact, I found that for the amount if spinach I used (1 lb), I needed to add almost a whole can of coconut milk to get the consistency I wanted. My Indian grocer was out of fresh fenugreek, so I used a couple tablespoons of dry fenugreek leaves, and they added a lot of flavor. I also made the paneer from scratch . . . Yum! I will definitely be using this recipe again.

It took longer than the recipe stated and needed much more ginger and other spices.  The paneer is very chewy when prepared this way, it is better if one soaks it in water at least a day in the refridgerator after frying.  The spinach will loose its color unless submerged in ice water after cooking.
Goes great with saffron rice and mango chutney!

This is a great recipe for saag paneer and I have made it several  times just as it is, but don't shoot me, sometimes I'm in a hurry and no paneer. Since I have no problem with dairy, I just stir in a good amount of 4% large curd cottage cheese instead of the cream or coconut milk. Its quick and yummy.

Wowza! My East Indian hubby really enjoyed my Saag Paneer tonight!I made it for the first time using this as my base recipe and the ingredients I had, with the addition of "marinating" the cubed paneer first from another recipe online.I cubed the paneer in 2 cm cubes, (but could go smaller next time!) and poked each with a fork then mixed with 1/2 tsp. each of chilli powder, turmeric and fine sea salt.I fried the paneer in my large frying pan on medium-low heat until nicely browned on all sides ~5 mins and set aside.I used only spinach leaves (we had no fenugreek leaves), blanching a 454g-bag of Costco washed spinach in a large pot of boiling water for ~4 mins then drained and set aside.We had no cumin seeds so I fried the thinly sliced onion until soft then used jarred minced garlic and ginger in equivalent amounts to this recipe.I followed the remainder of this recipe, using 1/2 c. of 18% cream and 1 tsp. salt.Hubby didn't even wait for the rice to be made and he ate his saag paneer with a slice of whole wheat bread! My daughter and I had it with Basmati rice, and boy was it good! A tad on the spicy side but delicious!I will definitely make this again with my changes as described.

Since we live in a rural area both the fenugreek and paneer were unavailable. For the fenugreek I used fresh mustard greens plus a tablespoon of fenugreek powder. For the paneer I substituted 1 block of extra-firm tofu which I cubed and tossed with 1/2 teaspoon cumim, 1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper, and 2 tablespoons cornstarch. The cubes were lightly sprayed with olive oil and baked at 350 until browned. As per other comments, I doubled all spices except for the cayenne. Also, due to health issues, the whipping cream was replaced with 2 percent plain greek yogurt. I know that my changes compromised the authenticity of this recipe, but it turned out very tasty.   I served it with quinoa.

Super delicious, read the comments and made the following changes:- Doubled all the spices, garlic, ginger, and onions and added cumin & coriander- Used full fat coconut milk- Skipped cooking greens separately and added the greens to the pan after throwing in the tomatoes/spices; let that cook for 5ish minutes and then blended all of that and the coconut milk in a food processor until creamy- Added lime juice and a tiny bit (tsp) of sugar at the end

I’m an avid Indian food consumer and am now diving into cooking my favorite dishes. This saag paneer recipe is amazing, better than my favorite Indian restaurant. Highly recommend this recipe. Only thing I changed was the cayenne pepper, I have a toddler so I cut that ingredient in half.

I was also confused about the two bunches of spinach and one bunch of Fenugreek until i went to the local Indian grocery store.  There i found that the spinach is sold in bunches.  Two bunches came to a little more than 1/2 pound, however one bunch of Fenugreek was 1 pound.  I ended up use 1/2 pound of spinach and and a quarter pound of fenugreek leaves.  The fenugreek leaves didn't seem to add any additional flavor, so i'm not sure why its part of the recipe.  I also added 1 tsp of ground coriander and and 1 tsp of ground cumin and reduced the garam masala to one teaspoon.  This may have been why some people found the recipe bland.

wonderful

Delicious!

Tasty overall. Too spicy for us, so I'll cut down the Cayenne next time. Paneer seemed kind of tough. Not sure if I overbrowned it. Thx for recipe!

