This is a great recipe.  

After reading the recipe, I felt it had too much tomato paste and crushed tomatoes.  So I reduced the tomato paste to one tablespoon and the crushed tomatoes to 3/4 cup.

I blended the spices and checked the aroma.  I felt something was missing so I added between 1/4 and 1/2 teaspoon of ground cloves a bit at a time.  That improved the aroma and ultimately the taste.  

Everyone loved the chicken tikka masala.  We often visit a local Indian restaurant and they almost always include chicken tikka masala in the buffet.  My husband says the chicken masala I prepared is as good, if not better than, the restaurant version.

I have always thought that mushrooms should be included and the next time I make chicken tikka masala, I'll use mushrooms in addition to the chicken.

Thank you Chef John.

EDIT:  This was MUCH better as leftovers a day later, with (a LOT of) steamed parsnips added to the bowl.  Maybe the sweetness of the parsnips complemented/counteracted the salty of the spice...  and the coconut no longer seems too coconut-y.  Everything married nicely, with nothing overpowering anything else.  Very yummy.

I've only had Tikka Masala at an Indian restaurant once in my life, so I'm no connoisseur. That said, my reaction to Chef John's interpretation as prepared in my kitchen is, "I don't love it. I don't hate it." What's keeping me from loving it, I think, is the salt. Whoo! Much too much salt for my palate. Other than that, the flavor is pretty good... though it doesn't have that I-don't-know-what I experienced at the Indian restaurant, that sense of "this isn't knocking my socks off, but I really, REALLY would enjoy another bite." Perhaps someone with more experience with Indian (or British?) cooking could identify what might be 'off' with this recipe, or maybe there's nothing 'off' and it's just me...  I don't know. I probably will give this recipe another try, either eliminating or significantly reducing the salt. For me, that'll be a step in the right direction.

I've made this recipe many times, family and friends love it! I always add some leafy greens during the final sauté. Also, if you don't feel like mixing all those spices, a curry powder works just dandy.

Absolutely loved this. Served with some saffron rice and it was delicious. Will definitely make again!

Came out great!  Spicy enough without the final red pepper flakes

This is an amazing and simple recipe. The smells while searing the spiced chicken are awesome, love how my whole house smells for hours after. I like how it uses coconut milk instead of heavy cream, since coconut milk is available in cans and last a lot longer, plus is healthier.

It was super good! But if anyone wants a spicier dish I recommend adding 1 tsp of hot cayenne pepper and serve it with yogourt (or tzatziki) it’s delish!!! Also if anyone want a more veggie meal add some veggies while you’re cooking the onion ( I used zucchini and it was perfect)

This was good eventhough I used half and half (had some to use up).I'm sure the coconut milk would be even better.

Fantastic!!!

this is fantastic.  I had a red pepper laying around, so I added that along with the onions.  Will definitely make again

Chef John's recipes are trustworthy, and I found this to be another great recipe! Thanks! I made it as stated except that I cannot tolerate cayenne, so I subbed chili pepper flakes. I had a hard time managing the stove heat for this recipe, so I had to cut the time short on the tomato paste/onion caramelizing process. I did as other reviewers suggested and added a little sugar at the end (1/8 to 1/4 tsp) to counteract the bitterness. Also, I really liked using coconut milk instead of cream. Thanks again for a great recipe.

