I spent two years in Kenya, and my friend Julie made these for us. She was from Uganda. She rolled her dough balls into long ropes,rubbed them with oil and coiled them into rounds then rolled them out. They were crispy and light. If you let them rest they will raise when put in the skillet. Thanks for the memories!

A lot harder to make than I expected.

Good recipe. I will cut the salt in half next time.

This recipe was perfect! I was so impressed to be able to make those breads at home. I used a crepe pan, lighlty oiled.

I'm very impressed with this recipe. Instructions were easy to follow and the video was also great help . The chapati worked pretty much exactly as depicted. I used Spelt flour instead of half plain/half wholemeal.

Absolutely delicious my first time ever trying to make this and my husband and children were asking for more thank you for this easy recipe

Easy to make.  Fairly quickly done. Nice and crispy.  Maybe a bit tough...but I'm no expert on Chapatis; maybe they're supposed to be fairly tough.I suspect the secret to making them crispy is to roll them out REALLY thin.  I rolled them paper thin.

Dough turned great non- sticky and easy to work with. I added some kalonji and toasted sesame seeds. I love this recipe.
I think I will use this dough to make samosas as well.

I'm impressed! I made 4 chapatis from a half-recipe, and they turned out like real chapatis! Your instructions are very helpful. The only adjustments I made were to heat the tawa on medium high, as medium wasn't hot enough on my stove, and I found it still took around 40 seconds per side to get the charred blisters shown in the illustration.  To keep them soft, I piled them on top of each other and placed a clean dish towel over the lot. Yum!

Love making this. Love eating it. Love watching my family loving to eat it.  I use it for dipping with a curry, and even chilil. It also can be used as a tortilla if you don't cook it too long.  Tastes great on its own too.  All in all, it is fast bread to make and very satisfying.  It's gone in no time!

I typically use a different chapati recipe but now this one is my favorite. The chapatis were soft and flexible and delicious. I used the ingredients in the amounts listed and then found I needed to continue to add extra flour to get to where the dough was not very sticky (just a little sticky). Before rolling I dusted the counter and both sides of the dough balls generously with flour. I rolled them out as thin as I could get them. I cooked them on a flat cast iron pan that I had oiled with canola oil, and had to apply more oil before each chapati. It will smoke the entire time; just keep your oven fan on. Sometimes less than 30 sec is needed, so watch your chapati especially on side 2.

