I thought this recipe was very good but I should have listened to my intuition and reduced the amount of cumin seed it called for.  1 tablespoon of cumin seed is WAY TOO MUCH for the amount of rice indicated.  It totally overpowered the rice and muted all the other great flavours going on in the dish. I would definitely make this again but I will use about 1 teaspoon of cumin seed next time and probably add green peas to it, as a matter or preference.  I also used jasmine rice, so I did not soak it, but I washed it thoroughly until the water was clear and let in drain in a colander until the rice is relatively dry. I find this is essential in making rice dishes like this so the rice sautes better and doesnt taste bland or waterlogged.  I also reduced the cooking time slightly, since I was using a different type of rice and reduced the water to 2 cups, but kept the amount of rice used the same.

I make indian food a lot and try to get what I make as close to restaurants that I've been to. I don't ever remember seeing their basic rice with cumin in it. It usually has ajwain seed (carrom) about 1/4 tsp. This gives it almost a slight menthol mouth watering affect. It looks like cumin but smaller. I'd also suggest 4-5 cardamom pods, 2 black cardamom pods (gives a subtle smokey flavor), and 6 cloves. Make sure to wash and scrub the rice beforehand with several changes of water until the water is clear to get all the starchy powders removed. Then soak in COLD water.

It was great and my family loved it.

I think the cumin seeds are too much. But per other comments my husband also said it reminds him of home. I do add more cloves and more cardamom. I’d have to say great recipe!

Best rice I’ve ever made! Hands down.

I have made this recipe 3 times and followed instructions to a tee. I have several co workers from India and they said it reminded them of being back in India..lol.. one coworker said it was better rice than his wife cooks at home . I love this recipe and so do my friends/coworkers from India . Legit Recipe !

Follow the directions to a tee. Came out great.

Yum! Added a little turmeric for color.

Easy and flavorful. Didn’t have cardamom pods so used powdered with a light hand. Also, based on reviews, increased the cloves. Soaking and toasting the rice made for beautifully separate firm grains of rice.

I absolutely love this recipe for making my rice & use it each time I make a curry. I’ve shared this recipe with family & friends too.I’ve tweaked it a little & add 4 or 5 cloves & about 6 or so green cardamom pods, then once cooked I remove the pods, scrape out the seeds & stir them in … delicious! 😋 …  I love a cardamom seed bursting in your teeth, best spice flavour EVER,

My husband was not a fan of this, but my daughter and I liked it a lot. The spice profile is not something we’re used to, so that may explain the husband’s reaction. I thought I didn’t have cardamom (turns out I did), so I used nutmeg (recommended on the internet). I also used brown basmati rice so had to cook it longer. Not sure if I’ll make again??

