Tasty sauce.  Definitely an undertaking, both in terms of time and mess, but worth it.  I finished in about 90 minutes, but the majority of that was simmering time, including 30 minutes at the end. I used canned tomatoes and prepared ginger and garlic to save chopping time.  The tip about cooking the onions for a LONG time is right on target; the first time I made this recipe I didn't brown them enough, and the sauce tasted like raw onions.  The second time I browned the onions VERY well and was rewarded with a very mellow flavor.  

As for additional seasoning, while there IS a curry plant with leaves that are used in Asian cooking, "curry powder" is simply a mixture of many of the spices already used in this recipe (cumin, coriander, turmeric, etc.)  I didn't add any salt to the sauce, but I served the meal with the salt shaker so everyone could salt to taste.

Hot and spicy. At the end of following the recipe closely, i felt it needed a bit of salt, or conversely, used as a sauce with something salty

I love this recipe.  However, I do a few things differently.  I use a homemade tomato stew instead of the fresh tomatoes that already have garlic, green pepper and other secret seasonings.  Instead of cayenne pepper I use Aji Jalapeño Molido (it is extremely hot and spicy).  For me, very fresh cilantro makes a big difference-we grow our own.  Lastly, the browning of the onions is a really big deal and you need to be careful to understand the heat from your particular burner.  I would err on the lower heat and watch the time carefully.  I love this recipe.

I love this recipe and have had no issue with the cooking time. I whip this up on meal prep days to keep in the fridge for easy rice bowls and it tastes so elevated and fresh straight from the fridge. Anyone who’s looking for curry powder on a curry recipe needs to do some reading first before leaving a review IMO. This is a short list of ingredients for the flavor this recipe delivers. Yummmm!

Not sure how it got four stars with 3 cups water!
Way too watery. I simmered off the moisture for about two hours and added 1 can coconut milk. 
Would not recommend. Sorry.

Used avocado oil instead... 
Crushed red pepper (instead of chilli peppers)
12oz tomato sauce instead of tomates and water

I would make it again.  Just enough heat.  Yoghurt helps moderate the heat!

I made this and multiplied by 4. too much for a blender.
brown the onions in a large pot. sliced the garlic and ginger instead of dicing  to save time added spices Roughcut tomatoes and then added water, boil to soften tomatoes, then blend with a hand blender, pass though a sieve into a crock pot, add cilantro and then use hand blender again. put crock pot on high for 6 hurst's to allow spices to dissolve then add sour cream. ( some type of stock works to add a little more flavor, I used chicken stock....... not too much. use food saver to portion and freeze, re- heat w a little cream and pour over your favorite protein

Great recipe for Indian curry.  It is very spicy.  Need to add more yogurt cool down the spice.

Excellent easy & delicious

Made some changes, but an awesome base for  
any curry sauce ??:)

Fantastic sauce but I made two changes:  It lacks character a bit so I use stock instead of water and although we like spicy two serranos is a lot.  I use half of one.
I've used it with tofu, with turkey meatballs, and with sliced chicken breasts.  Works great with all of them.  
Make extra and freeze it.

