Love this recipe... I'm a midwesterner who married an Indian, so I'm always looking for recipes that make him call me his "Indian wife"-- this is one!  For our tastes, I double all the spices in the batter-- make the trip to the indian market, it's worth it.  I use whatever veg I have on hand (try carrots, spinach, broccoli, mushrooms), dice them small, and add the whole lot to the batter and stir.  Then drop by tablespoons into the hot oil.  Don't worry, they will form together into patties when they cook (or if they fall apart a little, they're so tasty no one will mind!), cook until they seem just a little overdone to make them good and crispy. They're not bad the second day, if they last, just a bit soggy. Reheat in the oven.

This was a very simple, tasty pakora recipe. I would have suggested a little more spices, and especially salt. I made it with sliced potatoes and it was good. Make sure you get the oil very hot and cook each side for a good 2-3 minutes or the vegetables will not cook thouroughly.

I've made this several times and made variations with the veggies. Always wonderful!

Amazing recipe!  The whole family loved it—none left to snack on later.  Will certainly be making it again.

batter is really crunchy and tasty!

These were amazing!! 
I chopped up veggies and mixed them into the batter as suggested. They did not fall apart. They were a wonderful light flavor and tasted great without mint chutney to dip them in! 
I did not have any coriander so I subbed a combo of cumin and curry powder *

Really tasty.. I also doubled up the spices, mainly because mine aren't the freshest... I over did the veg, put far too much in, so didn't think they'd hold together... they did, were very veggie, and delicious... Thank you VeggieGoddess for the recipe...

They were good, I used both chili and cayenne and fried in ghee. For vegetables I used sweet potato and thin sliced, quartered onion. Makes a delicious gluten free side for soup.

I took the advice of others and doubled all the spices. I also didn't have any chickpea flour handy, so I used all purpose flour, which I knew would change the texture. It was, as expected, a little chewier than the original recipe would likely have been but the flavour was spot on! I put in frozen spinach (thawed and squeezed), diced mushrooms and onions, as that's all I had available when the craving hit. I will have to go pick up some chickpea flour and give this another go.

I couldn't wait and made these again the following day but this time with chickpea flour. Amazing! This time I added spinach and shredded carrots. I'll be making these again.

These were great !! Super easy and tasted solo good .

You can't just use regular flour (wheat) for this recipe as someone did.  It is essential to use chickpea flour (legume).  The flavor and the results come out completely different.  Some recipes you can make substitutions, generally not with Indian food. I also suggest a good cilantro dipping sauce for these.   I love pakora but I must have the cilantro sauce.

