FINALLY! I love Indian food and I have tried for YEARS to perfect a butter chicken recipe, only with something a little off, every single time. This one is right on the money!  I found all the spices at Whole Foods. I truly believe that the quality of spices is part of what makes the dish. Curry paste can be hard to find but you can find the Red Curry Paste Thai Kitchen Brand in the ethnic food aisle of any super market.  I used non fat plain yogurt and low fat coconut milk. It still had a hearty texture to it, but with less fat and calories!   I mixed the spices separately together in a small cup before I spread it over the chicken,  this allowed the flavors to blend.   I am definitely adding this to my weekly menu!

I tried to write this review w/o a star rating because I changed the recipe, but wasn't able to. Because I don't think those two ingredients (cardamom & tomato paste) could have made enough difference I gave it 3*. I didn't have cardamom and I didn't want to use the tomato paste because I don't like it. I doubled the recipe and after cooking it in the crockpot the chicken was dry and the sauce was bland which is strange considering there's several spices, so I added 3 chopped tomatoes, 2 large cans of whole tomatoes which I blended, one chicken cube, extra yogurt, and cayenne pepper for a little kick. Was definitely better. This might be better if made on the stove so the chicken doesn't dry out. Hope this helps.

Followed this recipe exactly. My husband proclaimed that it was better than anything we’ve ordered at our favorite Indian restaurant.

It was good, but not great. I'd make it again. As another reviewer noted, if you add 1 1/2 t of paprika, 1 1/2 t cinnamon, and 1/2 - 1 t of cayenne, it enriches the flavor. I also added some ground cumin. That all gave it more character. I'm not familiar with the taste of butter chicken, but this was a good dish.

Made this minus the curry paste and cardamom pods (didn't have those things.)  Completed dish was tasty enough though the flavor was mild probably because of the missing ingredients.   Will try it again.EDIT - Make this a 2nd time substituting the can of tomato paste with a can of Red Curry Paste.  Also, deleted the cardamom pods and curry powder.  5 hours in the slow cooker, finished it off with some Brunoised carrots and basil leaves.  Was quite delicious.

Added more paste but man o man, stunning recipe

Followed the recipe to the letter and it is absolutely delicious.  The top tip about the cardamon seeds is priceless, no more searching through the slow cooker looking for the last evasive seed.  My go to curry when entertaining.

I made this 3 times, it's really great and my Indian boyfriend loved it, so success!I added more tomato paste to make more curry, doubled the chicken thighs as advised, and skipped the curry paste because I didn't have it. Most importantly I add fresh coriander at the end to any curry I make - this adds so much flavor and is a must in my opinion.

It’s the best just the same as getting in a restaurant

This dish is almost entirely unreminiscent of butter chicken so if I'm rating it on a butter chicken clone, it gets a 2. It is missing at least one spice and something creamy. If I'm rating it on being an Indian-flavored chicken dish, it was fairly good and I appreciate the technique and the recipe as a potential starting point for another dish. So I'll give it a 3.

I made this for my guests and everyone loved it.

