Excellent! Finely chopped ingredients are a must-big chunks make the whole thing fall apart.
Add bread crumbs to stiffen the mixture. Also put in freezer for a bit before grilling to make the skewers hold together. 

Don't leave on the grill for too long as they cook faster than you may think. 

Goes well with a nice ale.

I made with 2 separate batches, one with beef and other with chicken.  Chicken was way too wet and did not hold together on the skewer.  Used about a cup of breadcrumbs, which did not help either.  Beef kebabs turned out well, but still required about 1/2 cup of breadcrumbs for it to hold together.  I noticed someone using flour to hold together falafels, may use that next time.  Will make again but cut down the amount of mint and increase coriander.

Simply Brilliant!If you haven't already- just try this recipe!Blew my mind.  I wanted to post pics - but ended up eating the kebabs before I could :D. Next time for sureAlso like someone else said,  finely chopped ingredients make a difference

Really informative

Delicious! Couldn't find ground lamb so subbed ground beef. Could have chopped onions more finely and as a result had kebabs that were thicker. Worked out fine, but if you end up with kebabs thicker than pictured, I'd recommend using high heat to sear the outside then turn it down a bit or use a microwave to finish cooking the inside.

Entire crowd I loved the recipe

Amazing. I added 1 green chili and chopped all ingredients in a food processor with 1/2 tbsp garlic to make it minced before mixing with the lamb. Mixed it all lightly to not overwork the meat. Key while making the kebobs was to freeze the mixture for 30 mins before mounding on skewers. The kebobs came out perfect

Great recipe!!  Use lean organic lamb and it was amazing.

excellent  recipe -- I added more chili and a bit of garam masala and cooked them on an outdoor grill

Holy Moly!  These kabobs are amazing.  I saw the reviews about the mix being wet so I pulsed the onion in the food processor and then squeezed out the water by placing it in a kitchen towel and twisting. Then I put all the spice ingredients back into the processor with the onion. I subbed sriracha for the green chili paste. I turned the spice mix into a bowel and hand mixed the lamb. I was told I should have doubled the recipe.  These were FANTASTIC!

Made this and it was excellent,  Helpful hint squeeze out the liquid of the onion. Place the chopped fine onion in the center of a kitchen towel and twist each end of the towel opposite from each other until all liquid is removed from the onion. This will prevent from falling apart while cooking.

I would give this "Indian Style Sheekh Kabab" 10 stars if I could. It is one of our favorite recipes on Allrecipes. Thank you Yakuta Rasheed for sharing your recipe!

