I've been wanting my family to start liking Indian food but they've always found the curries to be a bit strong.   This Recipe is perfect starting point.   They all loved it.   So here's my fiendish plan (as I laugh maniacally ): gradually over the next 5 years  I'll add more and more curry powder  and by the end of the 5 years they'll be begging for vindaloo!

This was only okay. I did forget to put the peas in at the end so they may have added something obviously. The flavour was good, it just didn't jump out at me. I added some cheap hot sauce on my plate and that improved it.

Loved the spice combination. Subtle hot.  Could not find Garam Masala so made my own.

Excelent! I added some left fresh spinachs that I had and it was great. No more changes to the recipe.

Made this the other night and it was delicious!!  I added a little curry powder which turned out to be a nice touch.

This was hearty and tasty! Made as written and loved it! Kids enjoyed. Will make again. Used a 28oz can of whole peeled tomatoes. Cut up the tomatoes with scissors and dumped it all in, liquid and all.

Great as is. This a fairly simple 'Americanized' dish that still brings lots of unique flavor to the table. To make it more authentic, try frying the spices, and using spiced oil to cook with. A little olive oil, a little ghee in the pan and add whole pepper corns, cumin seeds, coriander seeds, and toss in some Serrano peppers. Use a sieve to separate the cooked spices from the spiced oil.  Add onions to the spiced oil first, the potatoes second, cook, remove, and set aside, and then fry the meat by itself. Spice the meat, brown, and drain it before combining with tomato, garlic, and ginger.

Easy to make. Tasted delicious. Great leftovers for lunch.

Really delicious recipe! Ground beef is not typically served in Indian food, so it was an interesting fusion that you won’t get in a restaurant. My only change was that I needed to cook the potatoes longer, and I only had ground ginger on hand. Would definitely make again.

I enjoyed cooking this dish. I made a mistake by holding back on the cayenne. The dish turned out well, but it was not 'hot' enough.

Pretty disappointing. Nice spice, but no real flavor. Not sure if I made adjustments, my husband would be willing to give it a try.

