This is good low-calorie soup if you do it right.  I omitted the butter, flour, rice, cream and pepper (hello, its hot already!)  I instead used 2 tsp of olive oil for the butter.  Instead of using flour, I used 1 cup of potatoes, diced fine (in place of rice), since it will thicken up a stew anyway.  I added 1% fat milk instead of cream, and passed around light sour cream for everyone to dollop on top (which totally was delicious, don't leave it out!)  I used a total of 200g of raw chicken as well.  The calories for me turned out to be 58 per 100g (I weighed the whole thing after cooking and then calculated a 100g serving.) fat 1.2g, carbs 6g, and protein 5.8g.  (These calcs do not include the sour cream on top.)  I'll definitely make it again, husband gave it a 10/10!  And I grated the carrots, since I'm not a fan of them in dice form.

We did not like it

I ave been making this soup for over 15 years now and it is still the best soup I have ever tasted. I follow the recipe exactly except I add a large amount of powdered chicken stock and substitute chicken things for breasts. It is perfect.

Fantastic stuff.  I usually add a little extra chicken and a bit of garlic but neither are necessary.

I used canned chicken breast the second time I made this and I liked the shredded chicken even better.

Absolutely delicious! A go-to recipe

I asked my husband to make this for supper yesterday . He doubled the recipe because we like leftovers. OMG wow, what a tasty soup. It’s a meal all in one. 24 hrs later, it’s all gone. Thank you.

I don’t know what all the bad reviews are about.  This is absolutely delicious as is although I did substitute milk instead of cream because I had no cream.  Thanks for sharing

The soup as written was somewhat bland for my taste so I added another half teaspoon of curry powder, a quarter teaspoon of kashmiri chili powder, a quarter teaspoon of ground coriander, a teaspoon of garlic paste, and a teaspoon of ginger paste.  That made it work for me. I'd add more rice the next time, about a half a cup.  It's a very nice soup with some subtle flavor profiles.

This was so easy to make and came out perfect. My wife said at least 5 or 6 times how delicious it was and even said it was the best soup I had ever made.

Excellent soup!

