Awesome flavors! I modified it a bit in the interest of time by using a store-bought rotisserie chicken and my electric pressure cooker. I only used one bag of pre-washed spinach and used 5 tsp of a garlic ginger paste that I keep in the fridge. I chopped the chicken and ended up with about 2 cups, which I added to the sauce and cooked on low pressure for 5 min. The chicken fell apart and blended well.  After adding the spinach, I cooked it on low pressure for 8 min. Lastly, I only used 1/8 tsp of cayenne since I was feeding toddlers. Really, really good over basmati rice. Thank you!

This was decent, I felt like it could use some changes but I am not sure what exactly.  I didn't have any rice to put with it, so perhaps that would have made it feel more complete if I had that.  My husband liked this a bit more than I did.  I will make this again sometime.

I've now made this twice. Per the recommendation of previous commenters, I doubled most of the spices. For ease of prep, I think deboned chicken leg or chicken breast are preferable.

I added to he yield by using a 28ounce can of crushed tomatoes.  I followed the advice of another user and used rounded spoons of spice, while using a full rounded tablespoon of Garamond masala.  It turned out exactly like my favorite Indian restaurant back home.  I love this recipe!

Very good recipe, but pretty light on the spices. I added slightly more than was listed and it still needs more. i'd double those numbers next time.

Delicious! Made as written. No modifications.

Really tasty.  Served it over basmati rice and Whole Foods naan.  I am going to add a little more heat (probably chili pepper) next time I make this.

Excellent recipe.  Used paneer instead of chicken- deliciuos!

I used heavy whipping cream instead of milk for a little more decadence. Fantastic recipe.

This was so good! I made the recipe as written except I rounded my teaspoons as other suggested. Next time I will use chicken breast chunks as personal preference. It would also be delicious with chickpeas as another did for a vegetarian option. The sauce is so good.

I have made it twice, we liked it so much. It doesn't look that appetizing, but it's delicious! We like it served with rice, but also like a dip with Naan bread.

