Turned out well.  Will definitely make this again.Based on other comments, I increased the spice by 1/2. I also added the spice when I added the beans and sweet potatoes.  I think this gave the flavor more time to develop.  I also diced the sweet potato very small (less than half inch cubes... closer to 1/4) and added two cups of baby spinach.

I didn't cut the potatoes small enough so they were raw so I just kept simmering it and by the time we ate it all the flavor was gone

Love this recipe!! I cooked for around 30 people in my spiritual community and they loved it!We don’t eat onion or garlic so I chopped some cabbage up and sautéed it with this spice called hing to give it a similar flavor. I also baked the diced sweet potatoes separately and added them in at the end!! This gave them a very nice texture and allowed them to cook all the way through.This photo just doesn’t do justice, it was a hit!!! The 5 gallon tray was empty in an hour!Thanks for the recipe and Hare Krishna ;)

I just made this last night and it was so delicious!  My husband and I loved it.  I used an extra sweet potato since I had two on hand, and am happy I did since I will have more leftovers.  Thank you!

Delicious! The only change I made is that I added a ton of kale in the last five minutes.

Tasty and easy.  This will be a new staple!

This recipe is great. An easy, flavorful and healthy dish. Have recommended it to numerous friends.

I agree with others that the diced sweet potatoes should be the sized of dice or else cooked longer than 15 min. I had coconut cream so used it with added water. Did not have Garam Masala so used the same amount of curry powder. I added 1 cup extra chick peas because I had them. For some nice crunch, and again, because I had it, about 2 Tablespoons of minced red bell pepper at the end with Swiss chard instead of spinach. Divine over some rice .

Really enjoyed making this recipe with my hubby. We did change a few things, but that's normal for us. The basic recipe is a great foundation and jumping off point to add items from your refrigerator. We added half cut up small cauliflower, about 2 cups of lentils, and a cup of broth, and a small 8oz can of tomato sauce (just to make more sauce since we put in the lentils.  We did put in the spices in with the sauteed onions and garlic.  Hubby doesn't like garam masala, so we doubled the other spices and also added curry powder, tumeric and 2 tsp of curry paste (we do like our spices).  Put the finished recipe in a crock pot on low for the afternoon. Perfect! We loved it so much, we ended up eating on it for three days!  Will be making this again for sure.

literally so good, my entire family loved it including my brother who rarely touches veggies. i made a lot of my own tweaks and even didn't add a couple things, the texture came out a little like mashed sweet potatoes and I fried the chickpeas in the same pan after I let the onion and garlic caramelize. i suggest adding sugar or cream of coconut that's what I used to sweeten up this recipe to make it even more tasty. i also suggest getting all the spices made in garam masala. making your own taste much better. order the spices in bulk on amazon to get a cheaper price. the spices used in a lot of indian cuisine are expensive in the little bottles but cheap for anoz or two.

10/10 on the flavor. I like mine to be spicy so i added more spice that what was written. I also don’t like my food sweet (crazy, i know) so i didn’t think i would like it with sweet potato but omg. It’s packed with flavor and the color!! I wish i got a picture to share. I paired it with brown rice!

