This was sooo good!  We loved it!  I did make some changes.  In the marinade, I used 1 tsp. garam masala instead of cinnamon, and only 1 tsp salt.  I marinated all day.  For the sauce, I used 3 cloves garlic.  I doubled the amount of the sauce, which I would definitely recommend doing or there won't be enough to soak up with rice. :)  For a doubled recipe, I used 2 tsp cumin, 2 tsp paprika, and 3 tsp garam masala (garam masala is KEY!) and only 1/2 tsp salt.  I used a 15oz can of tomato sauce and about 1.75 cups heavy cream (we'll try coconut milk next time).  Seriously, this tasted just like the chicken tikka masala we get at our favorite Indian restaurant.  Would be delicious with Naan!

Good grief! This recipe as written has WAY too much salt in it! My fiance and I couldn't even finish it, the salt was overpowering. 7 teaspoons in all. I am going to try it again with about 1/2 teaspoon for each sauce (the marinade and the tomato cream sauce.)

The taste is amazing just like the restaurant, I substituted sour cream in the chicken marinade vs yogurt and used masala powder instead of cinnamon.

Guys don’t be mad but I made this with a rotisserie chicken and I’m going to review based on what I did. I mixed the marinade with a bit of cream bc I didn’t have yogurt and added a deboned and diced Costco roto-chick, set aside and basically followed the recipe for the sauce. I did what other reviewers mentions like swapping cinnamon for garam masala and cutting the salt down. I also doubled the sauce which is a must for a whole chicken. I feel like I hit won the easy weeknight dinner lottery!!

Too basic. Needs more salt; I hate the cinnamon.

DeeeLicious to the max

I had never eaten anything from this "genre" of food. I just decided to find a recipe for chicken tikka masala, and this is the one I chose. Very happy I did. This is FANTASTIC!!! If I could give 10 stars, I definitely would. I've made it multiple times now for family & friends, and it's always a hit with rave reviews.

Several members of my family request this for their birthday dinner. We all love this recipe.  I do cut the different peppers by about half, as it can be quite spicy otherwise.

The marinade was kinda spice hot and there seems to be too much salt at the end. otherwise very good.  Serve with rice.

Great recipe.  Eliminate the salt altogether and sub Kashmiri Mirsch for Cayenne (either is fine).  Since most folks either love, or hate cilantro, set on the side for them to use, or not.  The jalapenos actually work and you can take heat level up by leaving some seeds and ribs in them.  Serve over yellow saffron or regular basmati rice.

Perfect! The only change that I make is to use boneless chicken thighs instead of breasts. The chicken does not dry out

