I am so glad you all have enjoyed this hot comforting beverage.  Like so many of you have mentioned this recipe is not only good but good for you!  I was hesitant about submitting the recipe but am so happy I did.  Love to read all your comments.

It's true that haldi ka doodh is a traditional drink, but this recipe has a couple of major errors that will make it ineffective.  In ayurvedic medicine honey is NEVER cooked.  EVER.  If you must use it, add it after the drink has cooled a few minutes.  All sugar is processed, even honey.  It was simply processed by bees. There are mystery ingredients ion honey, yes.  But they should not be cooked according to ayurvedic medicine.   Just use regular cane sugar.  Also, the kind of milk used absolutely matters.  It must be whole cow's milk from a pastured animal, and it must be boiled.  The LAST ingredient you ever want to use is coconut.  It has the opposite effect of all the other ingredients, and will render their medicinal propertires useless.  If you are having a problem believing this, just ask yourself if you think an American blogger has done five thousand years worth of study, observation and testing before swapping out ingredients, or if she did it because she heard coconut milk was really trendy...  Coconut milk is good, but not in a recipe such as this.  Ever.  If you don't drink cow's milk, go spend five thousand years on your own medicinal beverage, and leave this one alone.

Delicious. I didn't have ground cardamom, so I used a garam masala that had cardamom, cloves, cinnamon, black pepper, and a few other similar spices. No need to strain it. I forgot to add the honey and vanilla, but when I realized, I decided it didn't need them. I liked it just the way it was. This will make a cozy substitute for hot cocoa.

Tastes amazing to my taste buds.  I've been looking for ways to incorporate more turmeric into my diet to help with arthritis.  This drink gives me the benefits of turmeric as well as being a great night time drink before bed.  I didn't change a thing except for reducing the black pepper as many suggested.  For the spices that said, "a pinch", I  just used 1/4 teaspoon, the same as the turmeric and cardamom.  This resulted in enough spice mix to make two drinks.  I didn't strain it because I don't have a strainer that small, so it was a little grainy at the bottom, but that doesn't bother me.

I love this! I'm an avid tea drinker and, though dubious at first,  thought I would give this a try--it's fantastic! Thanks for the recipe!

I really liked it.  Used almond milk instead.  Measured all the ingredients into a small saucepan and brought it to a brief boil just until froth developed.  I didn't have honey nor vanilla.  I used regular sugar to sweeten and it was still very good. Quite a warm, comforting beverage.  Will definitely be making this one again.

I added a little more ginger, vanillla and some cinnamon. Then put the honey in right before we drank it! Delicious, similar to a chai tea. Yum!

This is good. I'd never tried it before and I should note that I did not include honey--I simply didn't have any on hand. To me, it is comparable to a chai latte. Not a bad tea alternate

I love this!  I didn't have cardamom so I used cinnamon and a little nutmeg, and I also only had tricolor peppercorns instead of black.  I mixed triple the spices in a mason jar to use as needed.  I added some to my morning cup of matcha tea using almond milk and wow!  The flavor profile is awesome!  It literally dances across my tongue every time I take a sip!  I will be using this spice mix in everything!!

I added the honey at the end per the suggestion of one of the comments. I also used oat milk and added a half stick of cinnamon with the rest of the spices, then topped it off my drink with a pinch of cinnamon and black pepper. Very tasty!

Lovely combination. Thank you!! I do not filter since everything is already ground up. Such a warm cozy drink.

