Had a friend of ours over for dinner who is new to America (he was born and raised in India) and he said I was spot on with this, but to him it was fairly mild. For us it was pretty spicy though.  I should note that I did not add the mustard. I marinated the fish in a turmeric/garlic paste with a little salt and pepper. (Food processor, few drops of water and oil and then blend) this was a tip my friend had given me when I told him what I planned to make for dinner. I also tossed in a can of green chilies and cut the cayenne pepper down to 1/2 a teaspoon.    We absolutely LOVED this dish!! We served it over brown rice and finished it off completely. I can not WAIT to make this again!!! Thanks so much for sharing this!!

I like spicy food but this is not my cup of tea. It really wasn't that spicy or that tasty to me.

This was amazing!! Besides using half the cayenne (which was just right for me), I followed the recipe as written.  I used cod because it was on sale and looked good and canned petite diced tomatoes.  I made the sauce the night before, which made it pretty quick and easy to get the dish in the oven when I got home from work.  My fish took a little longer to cook, probably because the fillets were pretty thick.  I took it out when the fish got to 130 degrees, and it was perfectly done.  I can't wait to make this again!

We made it with cod and it was delicious!

I followed the recipe exactly and found it to be extremely spicy. We love hot & spicy but this was so hot it was not enjoyable. Next time I would reduce the spice to a bit less than half of what it calls for.

Turned out really good but doubled the curry to cover the Swai filets I used. Cayenne pepper was a bit much but still a great dish.

Loved it. I did find it pretty salty so next time I will back off a bit on the salt. Also we cut the cayenne petter by about 2/3. We will definitely be making this again!

No curry powder. Excellent!

My first time making curry and it was fantastic!  I used Cod and Mahi Mahi because that's what I had in the freezer.  The taste of the sauce was absolutely amazing - and very spicy!!!  I even like a little spice but this was hot!

Loved it!  I left out the sugar, and we didn't miss it.

Absolutely delicious!

