Holy Cow!!! This was amazing!  I am so happy to have found this recipe because it really is authentic tasting.  I will probably increase the spice by 1/2 next time, because I want even more of that indian flavor.  Thank you so much.

This recipe was good but not one I would make again as is.  Needs some items added to it.  My husband said it didn't taste like something he would eat at an Indian restaurant as all the Indian food he's had is pretty spicy and this was not.   We ended up adding some curry and cayenne pepper.  Overall, it wasn't as sweet as I thought it might be but definitely tasted good on some naan bread.

I jumped the gun and added the coconut milk before stir-frying the seasoning with the onions. I then got crazy and added one diced chicken breast, sliced baby portabellas, and sliced red bell peppers along with a chili pepper and a few green Cardamons but no Cilantro.   It was fantastic served with rice.   I love Indian food and now I can make it ie with a twist.

This was so yummy. I didnt add tumeric as I didnt have it at home. I replaced canned tomatoes with fresh ones and added a bit of lemon juice at the end. Next time, I would add some butter to it - I think it might add some thickness and nice flavor to it. I would definitely repeat this recipe.

Amazing depth of flavor.  Just finished leftovers for lunch. Will be my go to curry from now on.

Fantastic flavor and a quick recipe to save for many future uses!

I loved this dish.  I added some extra curry powder and cayenne for extra spice.  Thank you very much for sharing this recipe!

I love this recipe. Instead of relying on curry powder - which can be hit or miss in the USA, you make your own curry from spices. It tastes like no other curry I have ever had. If I follow the recipe closely, I find that the result is too mild for my taste. So I use smoked paprika instead of plain, which adds a nice touch, and I add some Cholula Red Sauce at the end, to bring some heat. So very good!

Followed the recipe except I substituted sautéd kale for cilantro.  My family enjoyed this dish. No leftovers. Personally I was underwhelmed.  Was more of a flavored tomato sauce than a curry.

Loved this recipe! I substituted evaporated milk for the coconut milk and thought it tasted great, but I will try making it with coconut milk sometime. Served it over brown rice with steamed fresh broccoli. Yum!

Tip-top! I found it plenty spicy enough. Not ALL Indian food is fiery hot. Those of you who said they preferred it spicier, fine. Perhaps you didn't use INDIAN Red Chili Powder. For those who said it SHOULD be hotter are showing their ignorance - learn more about Indian food (there's a LOT to learn.)

