Very Very tastey! My husband and I like a bit more "gravy" so we doubled everything but the chicken and potato with the exception of the cayenne pepper. We used peeled, cubed sweet potatoes instead of red, because it's what we had on hand, and we prefer them to white flesh potatoes. Total simmer time went up to an hour, but it was totally worth it. The sweet and the spice flavors together were SO good.  I would highly recommend starting off by cooking all the spices in the oil first, then adding the onions, tomatoes ect. Then it's a proper gravy. Oh so good, and tastes even better the next night!

Cayenne pepper is ground red pepper.  You may be able to use crushed red pepper in it's place.  This msg is for um ahmed.  I have not tried this recipe yet but it looks quite interesting doing the stir fry today.  It sounds like a 3 or 4 rating.

Parboil potatoes first!

This is so flavorful and earthy. Our adult kids loved it and requested the recipe. Followed the recipe except I pulled back on the cayenne and parboiled the potatoes first. Made it again two nights later. It’s so good.

Very flavorful dish. I used fresh parsley instead of cilantro and little white potatoes instead of red ones.

Once I have it, I cannot stop eating it. It is delicious.

Quick, easy and delicious. I’ve made this twice  now but added salt, tomato purée and tinned tomatoes for more sauce plus some peppers. It’s a hit in my house.

The potatoes should not go in at the same time as the chicken. The chicken starts to over cook while the potatoes are still uncooked. Such a simple mistake for a recipe to make

Delicious ! I added more spices with the exception of cayenne pepper. Also added paprika, salt, sugar, chilli powder, a bay leaves and, one cinnamon stick. Thank you for sharing this recipe.

My husband asked me to make this and I'm glad he did! I was skeptical because the recipe was so simple but it tastes quite lovely, I love the coconut milk suggestion makes it taste a bit more like a thai curry which is nice too.

Way too spicy!! I only added 1 onion and didn't have the cilantro. substituted 1T dried basil. I admit that having the fresh cilantro may make it a bit better. However, You couldn't taste much flavor due to the overpowering cayenne and onion. In an attempt to tame it, I poured some whipping cream into it, which cut the spice a bit. I then read some reviews and juiced a lemon into it. It made it more palatable. This recipe requires way too many gymnastics to make it edible to ever make the rotation of recipes I'll be making again.

