Loved the filling, but thought the phyllo dough was unauthentic.  So I got this recipe from an Indian friend...
2 cups of plain flour
¼ tsp salt
4 tbsp of oil/ghee
4 tbsp of water
 
Method for base
1. Mix all the ingredients for the base together with your fingers until it forms a dough.
   Add tiny bit more water if needed.
2. Knead the dough for about 10 minutes or until it is smooth. 
3. Put it in a plastic bag and set aside for 30 minutes or longer, in the refrigerator if possible.

Then I think you take a walnut-sized portion of dough, and then roll it out to about 4 inches across.  Put a couple of TB of filling in, fold dough over to make a semicircle, press seams together, roll edges over, and fry 'til golden.  Sorry for the long post, but hope it helps. =)

I tried making this, maybe it just wasn't our tastes but we didn't like it, it needs something else, but I dont know what.

I tripled the phyllo dough sheets so they weren't as fragile, and it worked!

This was wonderful but as another reviewer mentioned it makes a pile of filling. I will be freezing the rest and making mini meat pies with the filling. I used croissant dough because that's all the store had available and I followed the instructions on the package by baking them. They were light and fluffy and to die for. I should have made a chutney or spicy dip to go with them, would have topped the recipe off perfectly

Love it

I forgot to add the ginger but they were still good just needed a bit more of a "bite".  I also cheated and used phyllo dough brushed with butter and air fried - I wasn't a huge fan of that so I'll have to try it making the dough.

Turned out great!  Subbed ground chicken instead of beef since my wife doesn’t eat mammals.  Also subbed wonton wraps for phyllo.  Sorry not sorry.

Delicious, used chicken livers and one onion , one garlic clove, 
Brushed lightly with oil, baked on parchment paper..light and crispy.
Would be good with raisins or craisens..

Cooked it as is.  We have another samosa recipe, without meat, that we like better.  The cilantro at the end added a taste I didn't like.  I threw it away and did not fry up the pastries because taste not good.

Tasted great, and I baked rather than fried the samosas. My issue is, and maybe I did something wrong, but I only used MAYBE 1/3 of the filling. Going to throw the rest in a premade pie shell and have samosa pie!

I messed up my filling (used too much potato and the peas were frozen) and that is probably why it needed a bit more salt but these were still complete food crack. People complaining about the dough, the dough varies by region. I used premade frozen puff pastry sheets (I'm from the USA) and they worked perfectly.

