This was delicious! Very cool and refreshing! I made the six servings (not realizing how much it would make) and drank it all (which is alot for a thirteen year old)! It was a nice change from the usual mango lassi I make.

Too watery.  It's way better with ice-cold milk than water.  Water is used only by Indian restaurants for profit.  Real lassi is all milk and yogurt, no water.

I scaled the recipe to 1 serving. I used Truvia in place of the sugar. I also wound up adding 3 more ice cubes. I liked it but not enough to make it again.

Perfect plain lassi recipe. So easy to add a few ingredients to make many different versions as well.

This is a really good basic recipe. I followed another reviewer in substituting milk for the water, and added a half cup of pureed pineapple and two tablespoons of lime juice, and then sweetened with Splenda to taste, along with a shake of cardamom. Sweet-sour pineapplelime deliciousness we'll definitely do again.

Add some cardamom for a citrusy finish!

I would not recommend using non fat yogurt! I had to add something to make it taste sweeter and went with chocolate syrup for the flavor and then it was okay. Next time I will stick to regular yogurt.

Too watery.  It's way better with ice-cold milk than water.  Water is used only by Indian restaurants for profit.  Real lassi is all milk and yogurt, no water.

This tasted nothing like the lassi's I've had at Indian restaurants. It is very sour, there isn't a hint of sweetness with only 2tsp of sugar. Adding 4 TBS of sugar made it sweet, but it still didn't have the flavor of a lassi. It needs rosewater and perhaps something else. I hope I can find a better recipe.

I followed the recipe for my hubby and I, but added some frozen blueberries at the end. Delish!!

Then, I customized it for our child by adding a dallop of natural honey to make it sweeter. The result was a healthy version of the "Yop" drink that kids like. All the taste but none of the fructose glucose!

I used a tablespoon of sugar, added a 1/2 teaspoon of rose water, and didn't add the salt. I used about a 1/2 cup of water and the consistency was perfect. Thanks for the great recipe!

