I have always LOVED palak paneer, but never took the time to make it at home. This recipe is SO easy!! I sautéed baby Bella’s and red onions first, then added the spices and garlic/ginger. Then I added chopped Roma tomatoes and the thawed spinach. Once simmered, threw it in the food processor, blended it up and threw it back in the wok with cubed queso blanco. It tasted EXACTLY like Indian cottage cheese. Much easier to find at the grocery store too! Just don’t buy a flaky queso blanco. 5 stars of deliciousness!!

I am on the hunt for the consummate palak paneer. I thought this was a decent base recipe. As-is, I didn’t think it had enough flavor. That said, these dishes are always better after they sit awhile and are reheated, so we will see.

I  used half a fresh Roma, part of a can of diced tomatoes and a can of tomatoes with chilis (to save time) plus I cooked the paneer in my air fryer and used my immersion blender instead of transferring to a blender. Turned out great. Thanks for the recipe!

I think this recipe would be a delicious recipe if it wasn’t so spicy hot. I followed the recipe to a T and put in 2 tablespoons of red pepper flakes and the dish came out very spicy hot. That should be noted in the recipe. You should have the option to choose if you’d like it. Mild medium or spicy hot.

Best palek paneer recipe I've found  - easy & good!!!  (I used an immersion blender & that made the process much easier - Used roasted tofu in place of paneer)

be careful w the salt!! maybe it was my paneer  but the recipe came out WAY too salty. I might also try a smidge of cream next time...

It was good I did end up adding sour cream after blending it. It was great the sour cream or you could add yoghurt or cream.  Because it was very spicy but good.

Absolutely loved it!! I had no tomatoes, so I added 2 tbsp of tomato paste, and 1/2 cup of Rao’s Marinara sauce, and I can’t eat cheese, so I substituted 2 chicken breast’s diced and cooked in a little olive oil, then added it to the saag mixture. Delicious

I went all in and made double the recipes and it was a bit hard as I used a large pot to cook it in so instead of simmering for 20min I simmered it for 40 and then manually drained the rest, all in all it turned out good

Delicious. It turned out just like a restaurant.  I used fresh spinach and therefore when sautéed it  I didn’t worry about draining it or patting it dry.

Loved it!  This was my first foray into cooking an Indian dish.  It was easy and tastes just like in a restaurant. A little spicy, but not objectionable.  No changes to the recipe.

