This is an awesome "everyday" Indian dish. The person Rumshack74 who gave this a poor rating must not have used proper spices. Or maybe she was expecting normal Indian food to taste like resturant food? There is no way a dish with 1 table spoon of garam masala can be lacking in flavour! And I don't know of any Indian who uses "curry powder" one finds in non-Indian grocery. It has disgusting flavour!! Anyway, I recommend you not pay attention to her review and try this recipe!!!!!

I'm sorry to give this recipe such a low rating but it had absolutely NO flavor. I followed the directions to the letter.  In order to save the dish, I had to triple the amount of spices, added some curry powder, chicken broth instead of water and salt.  I don't like rating a recipe unless I have great things to review.  Unfortunately, this recipe was such a dissapointment, I wanted to share my experience.  I wish I could have enjoyed it more.

Delightfully tender- fall off the bone styleI'll make this again. I'll add so many things

Delicious. I have no idea how anyone can say this lacks flavor unless they misread the ingredients. I made it as written except used a jalapeño instead of Serrano as that was what I had on hand, and also added some fresh curry leaves. I seasoned some thin boneless chicken breast cutlets with Indian spices and seared in a cast iron pan with a little veg oil then simmered in the sauce for a few minutes. Served over basmati rice. Perfect, quick, tasty!

It turned out to be an outstanding dish. I was truly impressed with its simplicity and the end product was an awesome and yummy dish. Quick and Easy. Instructions were precise and left no room for error.
Loved the dish.
Thank you.

This recipe is a disaster. Not enough flavour or thickness. Lot of fixing needed.

Spectacular recipe, we made this and enjoyed it very much. We frequently eat out at Indian places and we found this one to be very flavourful and a great balance of spices we followed measurements exactly. Thanks!

Turned out really great. Don't understand the low ratings. It does have salt in recipe but one rater said it didn't. No adjustments were needed.  I used chicken leg/thigh combo and so I cooked for around 55 minutes and the chicken fell off the bone. Even my picky kids ate it. This is a super quick and rich with spice and flavor easy to make dish.

Amazing flavor!

Surprisingly simple to cook and very tasty Punjabi dhaba style chicken

this curry is great and the taste is exlusive. Best to be eaten with hot chapati

