I found this recipe this past Tuesday evening and because of my busy schedule, I knew I was going to have to wait until this weekend to make it.  My mouth has been watering all week just thinking about it.  Well let me just say that it was WELL worth the wait.... served over Jasmine rice and I absolutely LOVED it!  I made a double batch to have plenty to eat thru the weekend and maybe for lunch at work next week.  I made a couple of changes from the written instructions, and it came out just fine.  1) I wasn't too sure about the idea of baking yogurt-covered chicken, plus I don't trust the oven in my apartment, so I decided I'd cook them by simmering them with the rest of the ingredients.  I cut the chicken into small cubes (about sugar cube size), rather than strips to help them cook more quickly.  I marinated them as directed, then added them (including all of the yogurt marinade) where directed to in the instructions.  Simmered everything for about 15-20 minutes to make sure everything was cooked.  The chicken stayed extremely tender since I didn't give it a chance to dry out in the oven.  2) I realized as I was opening the tomato paste that I bought the one with italian spices in it...sigh...  So I scrapped the paste and went with a can of tomato sauce instead, and just left out the water the recipe calls for.  3) Added an extra 1/4 cup of cream to make the sauce go a little further.

It's alright but really off.  It doesn't taste like it's from an Indian restaurant which is really what I was hoping for.  This is a lot spicier and much more tangy with a heaver tomato flavor than the "authentic" tikka masala that I would get from an Indian restaurant.

This recipe is fantastic.  I made it twice, once for my family and once for a crockpot challenge at work.  I had to revise the recipe slightly for my severely lactose intolerant husband and it turned out great.  Marinated it in LF Yogurt and used LF milk as a substitute for the cream.  I kinda liked that a little better as the flavor of the sauce really came through.  I used the cream for the crockpot challenge and it was a hit with the coworkers.  So much so I won the challenge!  I marinated the chicken for a day and it really brought out a depth of flavor.  Along with the sauce this was delicious!!  For the crock pot I used chicken thighs so the chicken wouldn't be as dry.  I was worried sitting in the crockpot might dry them out.I followed the directions and ingredients pretty much as written.  Cooking times varied a little.  This recipe is so good and flavorful.  I thought it was easy to make as well.

I've made this dish several times and it never disappoints. I even took it to a Dwali event my work hosted and a few coworkers said it reminded them of home.

It was delicious, so spicy, and full of flavor. I didn't have garam masala or coriander, so I used a combo of all spice (1/4 teaspoon) and 1 tsp of cumin. It tasted pretty authentic to me. Just like home cooks of India, I used the spices I had available to me. One of my teenagers had a second helping the other asked me to pack the left overs for his lunch tomorrow. I feel like I hit a home run with that kind of approval.

EXCELLENT!

Fantastic! I used full cream coconut instead of dairy. Loved it! Am getting ready to freeze dry it for the mother of my granddaughter that is about to be born.

Fantastic recipe. I use low fat yogurt instead of heavy cream. I've made thus recipe many times and made slight adjustments. It's a fantastic meal and I share it often.

Great! Authentic Taste! Added a bit of lemon rind and juice to the marinade.

Takes a bit of digging (in my case) to gather all of the ingredients, but this turned out fantastic!

Delicious! It was exactly what I was hoping for! I made naan with it and we loved it!

