I made this recipe EXACTLY as stated, and it came out so much better than I imagined it would!  I thought it would be cheap and cheerful, and useful as a side to something, but it is absolutely delicious!  The combination of spices is completely spot on, giving a very rich and authentic flavour, with a good amount of spicyness, but not enough to hurt! Of course it tastes better the next day, as any curry does.

The only things I would change in this recipe when I next make it (As I definitely shall), is that I will increase the amount of potatoes by at least 50%, to six or seven potatoes, and use only an 8oz can of chickpeas.  The curry as it is, is more like a chickpea curry with potatoes, but I'd like potatoes to be the main feature.  I think this curry would be very good too with spinach in it, instead of the peas, although its great as it is! 

ps. Im neither vegan nor vegetarian.

This recipe is not bad, but the amounts of spices is off.  It's a bit overboard to have 4 t. of curry, 4 t. of garam masala, and 2 t. of cumin.  These spices are strong enough that I would cut these quantaties down to 1 t. cumin, 1-2 t. curry, and 1 t. garam masala.  The flavor will be there but prevent it from tasting too heavy which is what happens when you go overboard on those spices.  It will actually taste more flavorful with less (quantanty-wise) spices.  Also, you won't need as much salt (2t. is not healthy!) if you don't make the dish taste so heavy by going overboard with the spices.  More is not better in this case!  I speak from the experience of being both a lover of curries and an experienced cook in making curries.

WARE YE ALL WHO EMBARK UPON THIS CULINARY JOURNEY. Spurn not those travelers before ye and their cautions of the excessive spice levels found herein. REDUCE THY SPICE MEASUREMENTS ACCORDINGLY LEST THY TASTE BUDS PUNISH THEE FOR THY RECKLESSNESS.

Way too spicy for me!  I've made it twice now.  I told myself I would cut down on the spices the next time I made it, but ended up following other reviewers' recommendations and added more veggies and kept the spices the same.  I added a small cauliflower, 2 large sweet potatoes, 2 large carrots and a bag of sweet peas (instead of the canned peas- yuck!) and 2 cans of coconut milk.  Still way too spicy.  I'm a bit of a spice wimp, but my husband loves spicy, and it was still spicy for him.  Will be adding sour cream/plain yogurt and lots of rice to finish the leftovers.

Scaled to 6 servings makes a lot more than 6 servings. Even so, I do appreciate how well it scaled and still remained tasty.

This was my first attempt at Indian food and I'm so glad I tried THIS recipe. I made it exactly as written and LOVE it. Yes, it's spicy, yes its just what I expected. Thank you for this recipe.

I make this often. I always double the potatoes and use petite diced tomatoes when I make it. It has a nice kick to it without punching you in the face.

Made this with coconut oil, added spinach, cauliflower, snap peas, carrots and subbed sweat potatoes, awesome! served it with some cilantro rice.

I've made this curry dozens of time, it's amazing!  I double the diced tomatoes and double the coconut milk and its a saucy, incredible yummy, not quite as spicy dish!!

Very good starting point! I made it as written except I went a little easy on the cayenne and I added ~1.25 lbs diced chicken breast. I salted and peppered the chicken rather than adding salt later and I think it's plenty salty. I wouldn't add salt if you are salting the potatoes. I used 4 yukon gold potatoes, which wound up at just over 1 lb; I think this is about right. If I were to make this again, I'd cap the curry powder and garam masala at 2-3 tsp; it's good as is, but if your spices are fresh, it overwhelms the other flavors.

Very pleased with this recipe,  the flavors all blend together well with enough heat to make it tasty.  Creamy and smooth.

