If there was a better rating than five stars I would certainly give it to this recipe.  It was a total hit here and my mom told me that it was the best thing I'd ever cooked, & she wants me to make it often now.  The only changes I made: I added an extra tablespoon of ground cashews, and also I added the curry at the beginning and cooked it with the onion to bring out more of the spicy taste (I was told this is how traditional Indian cooking is done).  All in all this was a simply delicious meal and it tasted exactly like something I would expect to find in an Indian restaurant.  The ingredients are simple yet the taste is extremely flavorful and just a tad sweet.  The only negative thing I have to say is, the ten minutes the recipe gives you to cook the potatoes is simply ridiculous.  I had to leave them for about half-an-hour and even then they were very firm (but not raw).  Also, make sure you stir a lot because the stuff tends to stick a little to the bottom at first.  Next time (I'm going to make this often!), I'll cook the potatoes a little before-hand, and I'll also add cauliflower.

Good starting point.  Like many others found it needed more seasoning.  I added about 4 cardamon pods, 1 tsp cumin, upped the curry to 2tbs instead of the 1.5tbs, and added a few sprinkles of cinammon. Also, doubled the garlic amount.  Didn't use the bell peppers, instead used cauliflower and added fish.  So yummy but even better next day.  Seriously as good as restaraunt if not better....

My husband and I really enjoyed this and I will make again.  I listened to a few other reviews and exchanged the heavy cream for coconut milk, was generous with the curry powder and cautious with the salt.  Also because I had them on hand, I used green beans instead of peas.  Also, because I was looking for a way to use paneer, I exchanged the potatoes for paneer, but need to fry it first next time, remove then add later so it does not crumble.

Loved this recipe and the flexibility that it offers.  I added extra peppers, some celery and fresh diced tomatoes.  For extra crunch, I topped it with sliced green onions and radishes.  Used Coconut milk to keep the fat and calories down.  Didn’t really notice the cashews so I’d either add more, or just leave them out.

Had no cashews but was a big hit!

It’s good! Easy to make and very tasty. Will make again.

not traditional india food, not nearly spicy enough flavour  so - so

This was delicious and easy to make!  I kept going back for more, even though I was so full!  It was maybe a little too salty.  I may not  put as much in next time and just salt it to my liking after it's made.

I've been making this recipe for years and am just now taking the time to review it. This is a dinner regular and favorite. As an avid gardener I love mixing it up with whatever veges I have on hand. I frequently substitute cauliflower or turnips for the potatoes and it is still delicious every time

Excellent flavor.  I used Mae Ploy yellow curry paste.  Tastes even better as left-overs.  It's a favorite!

I loved it. Easy to make and tasted great. The beauty of it is you can make substitutions, if you need to.  I always try to make a new recipe as is and see where I can alter if necessary. I made this as is and just added a little more of things I love like garlic, cashews and a little more curry than called for. Delicious outcome and will make again!I did also use coconut milk. The cooking time was exactly right for me. I’m thinking for those that said the potatoes and carrots took longer, perhaps they were in larger chunks. Thank you! I love this recipe!

