Made this exactly according to the recipe and it was AMAZING! Can't go wrong with a Chef John recipe; All of our favorites are thanks to his recipes. P.S. don't omit the lime, it really transforms the sauce.

Oh and if you're like me and your local grocery store doesn't have garam masala, you can make your own very easily. I keep a batch in a re-used spice container. It's much more convenient than making more every time I need it. 

This is the recipe I use:
 Easy Garam Masala.

This was tasty and I will use this technique again. I would say you need a fancy blender to get the cashews super creamy, but mine got close enough. The cashew cream didn't taste like cream to me, but it made a lovely thick sauce and was very nice. The added lime/lemon was very good. The amount of spcies I think could be increased.

My go to cashew curry chicken recipe hands down. No speedy fix here.tMarinate the chicken is part of the anticipation. No other way to get flavors into the meet. Think ahead and this is the recipe for you.Tazbro47 food snob

Excellent recipe.  Instead of water, I blended cashews with 1.5 cup coconut milk and.5 cup chicken broth and I added broccoli.  Soooo yummy, will definitely make again.  Ty

This was a big hit! I followed instructions from others on how to blend the cashews (add a little water at first blend, add more water and blend again, add the rest and finish blending)  and the sauce was perfect! Not gritty at all. Definitely adding this to my recipe rotation.

THe wife say better than Indian Restaurants.

Made this as written with the exception of the "roasted cashews" and chicken thighs. I only had raw cashews so that's what I used and they worked wonderfully, I had some "chicken tenders" and half of a chicken breast and I think they worked as well.Loved this recipe, will share with family and make again!

I made this last night and the hubs and I devoured it. Served with basmati rice and used chicken breasts, which turned out tender and juicy. Next time I will definitely remember the naan. My only issue, and it was minor, was the cashew and water combination was slightly granular, but the flavor of the dish was outstanding. I suspect it would have been less granular if I had ground the cashews dry and then added the water gradually. Thanks for a magnificent recipe.

I love this recipe. I have eaten Indian cusine for the first time in my life and I’m so obsessed that I have to make it or I’ll be at the Indian restaurant every night! The only changes I made were that I marinade chicken breast pieces for two days in the seasonings required and Greek yogurt. I also add about two table spoons of butter to the mixture and instead of using water for the cashew blend I use coconut milk (lite) it is so creamy and yummy my husband likes it a little sweeter so I add two packets of Splenda to the mixture when it is simmering. Thank you for sharing!!!

I messed this up and it still turned out amazing. Maybe don’t drink beer while you are trying to cook. Anyway, I put ALL the spice mix on the chicken and only had about 20 minutes to let it marinade and it was FAB. Next time, I will plan ahead and also drink less.

