It says mild curry powder.  Curry is a mixture of spices.  ANY change you make to a curry, and it becomes yours and not the author's.  PLEASE at least a few of us need to rate it AS IS.  It's not like chicken recipes where you get to say "3 more minutes in the oven and a squeeze of lemon saved this recipe."  

A curry is something you accept or don't accept.  

That is my story and I'm sticking to it.

I think this rendition of a mild curry is excellent.  As another reviewer stated, it didn't have any of the sweet spices.  I am a home chef for a food publication and just recently, a recipe was given to me that required "curry powder."  I bought a bottle, but it's at work, since I also fix lunch for the office.  I was desperate because it was the last night to review the test recipe.

This mild curry powder was a fantastic base for the "curry gravy."  It lends itself to hundreds of variations.  

But just let this one be.

I have made this twice, the first time exactly as written (using a spice grinder) and I wasn't impressed. It didn't have a nice blend of flavor and the cumin seemed to overwhelm the blend. But it was mild, which I was looking for cooking for young children.    The second time I used 1T of cumin seeds instead of ground cumin and that seemed to improve the flavor a bit.

It was good. Does smell and taste different than McCormicks. Curries vary. The true test might be in curry chicken salad or curried deviled eggs. I did sub in cayenne powder vs crushed red pepper and used mustard powder vs seed.  Helps if out of the commercial blend to make your own.

Any recipe that uses whole spices to be ground should note that the whole spices should be dry roasted first to release the flavors. For this reason I cannot take this recipe seriously. It may very well make a nice masala.

Mild to me is used in reference to spicy heat from chilis which this completely lacks. Also lacks a depth of flavor so yes this is mild in both regards. I prefer to use whole spices when ever possible as they have fuller flavor than ones ground months ago.

Mild to me is used in reference to spicy heat from chilis which this completely lacks. Also lacks a depth of flavor so yes this is mild in both regards. I prefer to use whole spices when ever possible as they have fuller flavor than ones ground months ago.

Flavorful, and savory, this made a wonderful yellow curry. Thankfully, it also emptied my stock of coriander which gave me the perfect vessel to store it in. Pro tip: use a mortar and pestle on those mustard seeds first; if using a food processor, they may not break down fully.

Love it. Easy to make and very tasty

great for stews, stir fries,and soups

This was perfect.

good as is.

