I tried this for the first time using Tazo Organic Chai Tea and following the instructions except for the amount of milk.  And I believe I used too much hot water.  I'll need to try it as stated next time.  Pretty good and a whole lot more affordable than the coffee chain variety

This is far too much to call it as a Chai Latte...
More likely a Chai tea, with milk.

well i kinda forgot about the honey and that its supposed to be a chai teabag so yeah but it was super delisious

It was delightful! I used only 1/2 cup of soy instead of a 3/4 cup. I used my espresso machine frother for the milk! If you want to taste the chai tea more I recommend using 2 tea bags, honey and sugar to your liking depending how sweet you like it. Garnished with nutmeg  and cinnamon.

This is the perfect recipe, but I suggest putting 1/2 cup of milk instead of 3/4. My cup of tea was a little bit milked down. I would put a little at a time in until you finding your perfect amount.

i love this recipe i will use again

This is exactly what I was looking for!! I love the Oregon chai concentrate but wanted more control over my drink & also didn’t want to fork over $6 at Starbucks for one (today anyway ??). I used Pukka chai, let it steep for 5 mins, then added sugar and honey. Then some soy milk (only 1/2 cup), ice cubes, and put some cinnamon on top. Yum.

The recipe that I used was mostly the same except for I substituted out the honey with a tablespoon of Simply Nature's Organic Light Blue Agave Syrup and it was absolutely delicious! I also used 2% milk just because it was the first thing I saw in the refrigerator. The cold milk is probably one of the reasons why this is so quick to make; you don't have to wait on the tea to cool down because either way, the drink will cool down with the milk in it. Another thing that I did differently was that I used  1 teaspoon and a half of cane sugar instead of white sugar. The tea bag I used was Bigelow's Vanilla Chai Black Tea and the results were amazing! It was very good!

this was good and easy. I used almond milk and stevia to sweeten. also if you really want the spice flavors to pop add a little salt. I've been doing that lately with chia and chocolate flavored teas and it really makes a difference.

Super comforting  on cold rainy evening! I used half & half and just honey.  My husband used the sugar, honey & milk!   This recipe is a keeper

Like this simple recipe. I had my own chai tea bags and wanted to learn to make the perfect cup of hot chai!

