This recipe provides a great starting point for a delicious, easy curry. First I thinly sliced 3 large chicken breast halves and browned them in olive oil. While they were cooking I started the onion (in 3T. olive oil) in a separate skillet. To the onion I added sliced, fresh mushrooms and some frozen peas. When the veggies were heated I added 3 T. curry, some hot pepper flakes, 2 C. chicken broth and 1/2 C. unsweetened coconut milk. Finally, I stirred in the cooked chicken strips and let the whole thing cook for an additional 15 min. to reduce the broth. Served this over Texmati rice to my family of 4 and everyone really loved it! The 3 T. of curry powder seemed like plenty to us, but that's personal perference. This recipe would get 5 stars except that it had to be tweaked quite a bit.

What a mess!  1/3 cup of curry!  This is too much and not enough in the way of other ingredients!

Loved the recipe, very fast to prepare and cook.  From start to finish it took me 45 minutes.   Very easy and tasted great considering only a few ingredients were used.  The only thing I did add was salt and pepper to the chicken for more flavor.  When you use only curry for your spice you can taste that something is missing.  I put the chicken over chicken flavored rice and a little plain yogurt on the side for dipping.  Delicious!

Will not change anything to it

Sorry for the bad review but it was so dry I think you are missing something, I add 1/3 cup of water and it wasn't enough. For me it was uneatable and I love curry.

This was just what I was looking for. It was quick and easy and delicious. I'm sure better chicken curry recipes exist, but this cannot be beat for the ease of cooking. Mine tasted great and I used some old dollar store curry spice that my ex-girlfriend left. The next day, I tossed the chicken curry into a multi-grain wrap with some basmati rice. It was delicious. Thank you!

There needs to be a liquid in here. I added a can of unsweetened coconut milk and it was so creamy and delicious. I highly recommend added a can of coconut milk when making! Besides that, it was great. Would be even better with some tomato, carrot, peppers ??

Love

loved it

Recipe amazing but instead of two big onions I did one big onion bell pepper and season my chicken breast with a little bit of garlic powder and onion powder And added one can of green beans( drained)and a cup of water perfection

I would make this dish again. I love it and added cubed white potatoes, orange peppers, thyme, garlic powder and salt and black pepper.

