I am an Indian native looking for an Americanized version of this dish for a friend who is  a little intimidated by Indian food.  I gave this recipe a try, and it is almost there.  First, I used fresh minced ginger and garlic, but had to triple the amount. That made a huge difference.  I noticed that many reviewers said the recipe is missing something.  I think that something is coriander.  Most Makhani dishes have a cumin/coriander combination which is missing from this recipe.  I added a little ground coriander and the dish was great.  Perfect for a new Indian cook.

I'm sorry to say this, because I know I am going totally against the grain.  But I really was SO disappointed in this recipe.  It was NOTHING like I had expected.  I love eating indian food, and really enjoy cooking it.   But this was totally flavorless. I eat indian food once or twice a week, sometimes three times.   So perhaps I'm used to real indian food.  And this tasted like an Americanized version, not like authentic indian food at all.  I'll never make this again!

I used 1/4t cayenne pepper and my father thought it was a tad too hot. The video says use a pinch, and next time I will start with 1/8th teaspoon.  Overall we enjoyed the meal.

Delicious!

Followed it to the letter , doing it again today. Yummy!

Amazing! Super light dish and a good intro for beginners in Indian cooking. I think I will try the coriander and try subbing the lemon juice for lime juice next time because it is missing that little extra something.

It was missing something, it needed a bit more garlic and ginger. I had added chili carebe instead of chilie powder. I added a whole teaspoon of cayenne (made it spicy) it seemed to need to simmer longer to thicken, still good, but not as good as another recipe I had for this.

Loved this - made as posted. I topped with chopped cilantro. I also made naan out of canned biscuit dough- very easy, just flatten, and fry slowly in a cast iron pan.

Amazing.

My family and I looked it.  We are not,  however,  Indian food aficionados.  Will make it again.

IT IS A GREAT RECIPE FOR A BEGINNER. I HAS LESS FLAVOR THAN THE ONE I USE BUT MY GRANDSONS LIKED IT BETTER THAN THE ONE I LIKE AND THIS DIDN'T LEAVE MY HOUSE SMELLING LIKE AN INDIAN RESTAURANT FOR 2DAYSI ENJOY THE LITE TASTE

