If I'm going to review a recipe it will only be if I stayed true to the instructions. I can't justify giving a bad review after writing about all the changes I made. Well guess what?  This recipe is freakin great! Every bite was like a party in my mouth. Young and old, everyone enjoyed it. The leftovers were even better the next day. DON'T CHANGE A THING.

I found this to be incredibly hot and strangely bitter.

I thought this was very good and easy to make. Not sure where the bitter taste is coming from in the other reviews, maybe old expired or low quality spices?? I made a few minor modifications - I only used 1 Tbsp of oil as I don’t like to use a lot of oil for health reasons, used less water, did not add lemon juice but only because I forgot to buy one, and I used Kashmiri chili powder instead of cayenne since it’s more common in Indian dishes but may also be less spicy.

Came out very nice

Way to spicy. Will make again but will cut spice in half.

It tasted amazing and it was my first chicken curry I ever made! My boyfriend and mom loved it too which adds to my happiness of course. Just make sure to get fresh ingredients(garlic, ginger root) cuz it tastes sooo much better that way! I do think I may add less tomatoes and go more to taste on seasonings so it’s not quite so tangy but still everyone’s taste is a little different!  I followed the recipe to the T. Chicken was very tender too! Next time I’ll follow my taste buds more!

A bit spicy for my mother in law, but served with yogurt and rice, it was delicious 😋

Fantastic flavours in this chicken curry. Simple to make, I like to add a bit more cayenne for extra heat. Delicious!

Made this last night, didn't add the lemon but it turned out lovely.  Everybody enjoyed it very much.  Would make it again in a heartbeat.

Made it for supper, turned out super good! Easy to make and delicious. Everyone enjoyed it in my family. Will definitely make it again , and again.

Great recipe.  Added broccoli for extra crunch, halved the cayenne, and did not include lemon juice because other reviewers didn't like it.  Will add more veg next time.  Might need some flour to thicken it up but I think that is a personal preference.

