I loved this stuff. I used whole spices though, roasted them together on dry pan until you could smell the aroma and then ground them all up. Was perfect on chicken tandoori and pulav.

I've used many Garam Masala's in my cooking because my husband is from Punjab and we both enjoy Indian food.  I use to make my own Garam Masala but found it too time consuming to make from scratch, I tried this recipe because it used less ingredients than what I am used to cooking with.  Sorry but it was lacking in the rich flavour that I am use to.  

I have also tried some other brands like McCormick's and was disappointed at the blend.  I just recently discovered the most amazing Garam Masala when I visited a Farmers Market in Port Moody area close to Vancouver BC.  It was amazing, it was a punjabi style garam masala that can be used for hundreds of recipes. It seriously reminded me of my mother-in-laws cooking back in punjab! You can get it online from IndiaBase Canada's website.  

Sharmila masala's is another brand that I truly love, but its a bit hard to find.  

Making Garam Masala is an art and often takes several tries before getting it right!

Hope this review helped!

Super easy to make. If I used garam masala more often I would triple the batch.

I'm from Philippines but i used my homemade garam masala everytime i cooked chicken masala and curries and even my chilicon carne with a twist of indian. Love it...

Easy and quick. Needed garam masala for recipe and had every spice to make it without going to store.

I like it but plan to try out a few different recipes to compare. It may be a little cardamom heavy but it was great flavor in my vegan Saag dish! Thanks!

Great recipe, ingenious, misterious,  yet easy to make.

This is marvelous! I made dal this evening with this garam masala. Delicious.

Great recipe better than store bought.

I don’t know what is authentic. Tried many masala mix before, this is by far the nicest.

Garam Masala is so good in so many dishes. I make a big batch and use it frequently. I love Turmeric and added an equal portion as the other main spices.  The flavor and color are better with that addition.

