The quantities and times are accurate for this recipe. Kheer is not as thick as a Western-style rice pudding, and should be still be a bit fluid when cool.

Often I have used substitutions in this recipe, depending on what I had on hand. Instead of ground cardamom, I use about 12 - 15 green cardamom pods (I like my cardamom!). The pods should go in with the milk to get the best flavour, and be fished out after cooking. Instead of sugar, I like to put in about a quarter of a small can of sweetened condensed milk. Instead of rose water, I add about 1/4 tsp of almond extract (and sometimes some vanilla extract). Unsweetened flaked coconut is another great addition or garnish. Chopped (and roasted/toasted) almonds, pistachios, and walnuts are delicious garnishes.

Kheer is delicious warm or cold. When cooking the rice, I leave the pot uncovered and watch it carefully so it doesn't burn or boil over.

I' give you three and a half if I could. While it does taste yummy, and was easy to make it's still a little off from the other kheer. To the other person who responded, Kheer is what could be considered like american rice pudding. It is not anywhere near as thick or super sweet as the american version. This can be served hot or cold. (though I like it at room temp)

Perfect, I like it a little thicker so I use a little more rice if it’s too thick you can thin out with by adding a little more coconut milk or half & half

YUM! I used 5 carcamom pods crushed lightly instead plus replaced the sugar with Monk Sugar and it tastes exactly like at our favourite restaurant. Thank you!

Was a tad sweeter than I remembered but that's just me I guess...read in the comments that it's supposed to be a bit soupy again I had it an American chain so, not the best comparison

Great recipe. I doubled the cardamon. No other changes required. Unfortunately, I didn't have rose water on hand. I'll use it next time.

Love, love, love this recipe. I’ve been using it for years and it never gets old for my kids.

First timer's tip on this one: Make it first and chill it right away. 
I timed it to be done after the rest of dinner but people ate more slowly and talked, etc. 
By the time we got to it, after leaving it to cool slowly, the rice soaked up all the liquid and it was much firmer than desired. 
The flavor was awesome, though.

used less sugar. less cardamon - a mistake

Made this with vanilla oat milk in place of the milk. It was the final course of a 4 course Indian dinner I made for my wife and 2 friends. It was a huge hit! How do I know? Everyone wanted seconds AND the recipe!

very good recipe, made without rose water

