This is a wonderful recipe - very easy to make and full of taste.  Received rave reviews from my husband and kids.  I left out the potatoes and served with whole wheat naan.  Thank you so much for sharing.

It was a nice spice filled Indian inspired dish, but not what I consider to be chicken vindaloo. If you like your Indian food on the mild side, then this is for you.

I doubled the cumin, coriander and paprika and halved the tomatoes.  Very tasty.

The dish itself isn’t bad—in fact it’s quite flavorful. The problem is calling it ‘Chicken Vindaloo’ —rather than, ‘Grandma’s Spicy Chicken and Potato Casserole.’Indian food is usually labor intensive and involves grinding whole spices and cooking for hours. Most American kitchens don’t have whole spices nor mortals and pestles to pulverize them; instead we use ground spices that lack intensity of flavor. We don’t marinate food for days instead take shortcuts. When we trade authenticity for convenience the results can be disappointing.This isn’t the Vindaloo you’d get in an Indian restaurant, but you can make it in an hour or so with the jars of spices you have on-hand (which are likely to be old and/or and bland even if you just purchased them from the grocery store).  For a very quick and easy Indian-inspired chicken dish it’s pretty good.

I have made this resiptwo times now. First time I didnt follow the recipe and the second time I followed the recipe.  Both times were bland and the potatoes after 20 minutes were still hard.  The whole recipe toke 1 hour and 30 minutes.  Will not make it a again.

I made it per the instructions, and it was simply amazing.

I really enjoyed it! I was healthy on the spice measurements and added curry to the mix. I used only one potatoe and only one can of tomatoes undrained to give more sauce volume. Definitely simmer long enough, as this brings out the flavors. I noticed reviews have complained of a lack in taste. Mine was very flavorful. Very tasty dish!

It turned out beautifully.  I made two adjustments to the recipe.  In the final few minutes of cooking I added 3/4 cup of Heavy cream and thickened the sauce with 3 tablespoons of Flour.  I also used unpeeled Yukon Gold, medium potatoes.   Very robust flavors.

My first Indian inspired recipe.  I only used 1 can of diced tomatoes, 1/8 of the ceyenne and 1 large russett.  I dont think I messed up the recipe because it was flavorful and went back for a bit of a 2nd helping.  Made long grain rice to eat with the vindaloo.  I will make this again because my picky husband said, 'hmm good babe".

I was somewhat disappointed when  I first served this, and only gave it 3 stars.  But when reheated it was  really good!

This is a lovely recipe.  As usual, I made a few small changes for personal taste, but overall, the blend of spices is quite a nice surprise. Not a hot curry, but a subtle blend of spices that I have on hand. In fact, I used pork loin instead of chicken. Served it over rice. Wonderful dinner and best news, some leftovers for lunch.

