Absolutely better than the Naan served in my favorite local Indian restaurant.  A couple of comments to clarify the recipe instructions, however:  "Proofing" the yeast means that you must add about 1 Tblsp. of sugar to the warm water and yeast, then allow to double in volume prior to adding any further ingredients (I might not have known that had I not stumbled upon proofing instructions on the package).  Also, I found that it took a considerable amount of time for this dough to rise, so keep that in mind when you are planning for this to accompany a meal.  High heat was way too extreme a cooking temperature.  I burned the first few and ended up keeping the heat on medium-low.  This recipe had a wonderful flavor, and you could truly eat them alone with nothing more than a little butter.  Tasty!

This does not take like naan at all.  It tastes more like a sweet bread.  The recipe is easy but needs some adjustments to make it taste more like naan.  I tried cooking the dough many ways; on the grill pan, the toaster, etc.  This is the best way I found to cook the dough - I took the slotted tray out of my toaster and put it on top of the burner on the stove.  Then I turned the burner on low and placed the dough on the tray.  This allows more air so bubbles can form on the dough, making it more fluffy.

aewsome cooked over open flames

Simple recipe, great naan, my daughter loves it and asked me to make it again.  To make the dough rise faster, I put it in the oven with oven light on. I also turn on the oven for a minute or half a minute to warm it up.

Delicious!

This was a really easy recipe.  I use a Ninja Foodie Processor with dough blade to make all my doughs.  Turned out great and chewy.  Does make quite a few so had plenty of lunch leftovers for my husband and I.

Yummy!

It was an easy recipe to follow, and it tastes amazing.

I’d given up on finding a great pizza crust recipe until I made these naan for personal size pizzas. DELISH! I usually make a half batch on the dough setting of bread machine - the only change is to cook them in a hot, dry frying pan. They freeze well & thaw quickly for a speedy meal idea. Just add sauce, toppings & cheese then pop under the broiler for about 5 minutes. We love this recipe!

was great i love recipes i can do quickly

I made this exactly as written, and I wish I had the camera ready when my husband tasted them, he was absolutely shocked!! These are sooooo goooood!! Wonderful recipe, Thank you!!

