Having said that, I am a health freak who loves curry and Indian food and cannot eat full fat/calorie versions, so I often tweak mine. This recipe is amazing as is and is better than what most Indian restaurants serve.  To make it healthier, I used an 8 oz.can of tomato sauce, a 6 oz.can of tomato paste, and 1 cup of fat-free half and half.  The tomato paste will compensate for the liquidity of the fat-free half and half.  I also used about 1 tbs of olive oil in place of ghee, and used a little olive oil spray when I added the spices to the onions.  For the chicken, I marinated it in a yogurt/spice mixture and broiled it in the oven before mixing it with the tikka curry.  Like I said, original version is 10 stars, and IMHO so is the reduced fat version. I served it with whole wheat homemade roti and roasted peppers/green beans.  My Pakistani husband was more than impressed with the flavors and refused to believe it was healthy!  Thank you for this amazing recipe that will become a staple in our household!

Good recipe and outstanding comments!! Motivated me to give it a try, marinated the chicken beforehand overnight, was luxurious! The masala needed a little something, was good to start with, comments really work for this recipe. :)

I have made this recipe multiple times, and each time, it was terrific. I make the ghee before starting the meal. I also eyeballed the seasonings, making it a little different every time but still delicious.

I made this 5 weeks ago for the family, have made it 3 times since and am making it again tonight.  After the first time I made a quad batch of the masala, and need to make a double recipe so the kids can take it to school.  I have started to use whole chicken thighs and cut after the initial cook.Ease not quality for this move.  It is soooooo good.  Everyone loves it.

First time I made it, the kids loved it. As soon as we got through the leftovers, they asked me to make it AGAIN!(And I was relieved bc I wanted to make it again. So delicious. So satisfying.)

As advertised, this is EXACTLY like British curry-stand curry.  This isn't gourmet, but your UK friends may get misty-eyed at its perfection. If your Indian friends did grad school in England they'll devour it like wolves. (It's equivalent to NYC pizza-by-the-slice vs Tuscany home cooking: delicious, and it depends on what you mean by "authenticity.")We've made this many times. It's foolproof. It's delicious. It multiplies well and tastes better the second day, so you can make a vat of it and have it for lunch during the work week.This sauce is outstanding on top of steamed vegetables - especially broccoli, cauliflower or carrots. It's easy to make a vegan version of this with steamed veggies, tofu-or-potatoes, and skipping the cream at the end.

Not the flavor I expected, given what it tastes like at restaurants, but my husband loved it.

This is the best I've ever made. My British friend begs me to make this for him!

One of my family's favorite recipes! for the tomato sauce, I use El Pato Hot tomato sauce because we like it spicy. Other than that, I don't make any adjustments to the recipe.

I didn't have ghee or heavy whipping cream so I just used butter and 1/2 cup ff half & half.  I cut cayenne to half and it was plenty hot for me.  Tamed it with some plain low fat organic yogurt served on top.  This is fantastic!

Amazing flavor and very flexible. Don’t like heat? Less cayenne. Trying to reduce fat? Use low fat yogurt. I would also suggest finding a good local spice shop for your curry. The supermarket stuff is ok, if you find a decent one, but you can find great ones at a specialty shop like savory spice or even Penzey and the price will surprise you.

