I made this and also another very similar recipe on the same night. I started out making this one exactly as written but there were things I liked about the other recipe a little better so I ended up adding cayenne pepper and Hungarian paprika to this one too and that bumped it to a 5 star! Good as written but I recommend adding some heat to it.

I was very disappointed in this.  I followed the recipe except only had fenugreek seeds so ground 1 tsp.  The onion flavor the next day was overpowering, and it was too sweet.  Definitely not just like what is served at my favorite Indian restaurant; not even close.

I used vinegar, tomato paste, and paprika to add colour & flavour, and then a few pinches of salt and brown sugar to balance it out. Looks good, smells good, tastes good, really easy to make.

I served this with a tandoori chicken dish and everyone liked it. I do suggest letting it sit in frig over night.

I made this and also another very similar recipe on the same night. I started out making this one exactly as written but there were things I liked about the other recipe a little better so I ended up adding cayenne pepper and Hungarian paprika to this one too and that bumped it to a 5 star! Good as written but I recommend adding some heat to it.

Changed nothing, this is great. We found it hot enough as per recipe.great with a few cold beers, some spiced onion and poppadums!!!

Just put onions in vinegar (preferably malt vinegar), add a little salt and 2 split green chillies. Leave overnight. Its ready to eat when the onions start turning pink.

As written, this didn't work. Cut back on the sugar and chilli, and it's pretty good. I liked the contrast of the ketchup and the lemon juice. This was ok for a change but I won't be making it again. Thanks anyway.

I modified this recipe slightly to get fairly favourable results.  Firstly I used the juice of a whole lemon, mixed with the onion and left to stand for about 8 hours at room temperature.  I then washed the lemon juice off and prepared as directed with the exception of the use of sugar and fenugreek.  I might consider using paprika rather than chilli powder next time for a less aggressive heat.

I was very disappointed in this.  I followed the recipe except only had fenugreek seeds so ground 1 tsp.  The onion flavor the next day was overpowering, and it was too sweet.  Definitely not just like what is served at my favorite Indian restaurant; not even close.

