This recipe was really great! My husband and I followed it to the letter and this is what we will do differently next time. We had way too much filling for the 4 pie shells, so we will cut back to two potatoes and maybe up the peas to a cup. We will also cut back just a little on the cayenne. Another way to describe how to fold is put the filling in the middle and bring the three corners to the top and pinch down the sides to seal them. If the dough isn't "sealing" well, add a little water to the edges of the triangle before you start the folding process.
Update: We've also stopped peeling the potatoes. It saves time and we don't notice it at all.

Bad recipe. Tomatoes don't belong in Samosas. Pie crust was too heavy also.
Waste of product and time.

Our guests and us loved these. I did cut back to two potatoes, one onion, eyeballed frozen peas and added fresh cilantro. After boiling the potatoes, mash slightly with a fork. Saute the onion and ginger, add the tomato, the spices (let your spices get some time to saute as well), the peas and then add the potato in to make sure everything is nicely incorporated. Then add the cilantro. You can make the filling days in advance and wrap and bake before serving. I used egg roll wrappers, sprayed with olive oil, and they came out perfectly crisp. Good stuff!

Excellent... followed to the T. More complex than I have had from restaurants.

Very tasty and easy to make using the won ton wrappers.

These are always my go to Samosas. I love them and they are always a big hit wherever I take them for appetizers. 
I wouldn’t change a thing! 
One reviewer said her fingers got so yellow putting the filling in the pastry, well to prevent this I use a small cookie scoop with the squeeze handle. Perfect amount and no yellow fingers.
I serve these with either coriander or mint chutney and Major Grey mango chutney. Yes they are very time consuming to make, but so worth it. They are the perfect  appetizer!

Delicious! Made half the filling as others suggested and replaced half of the coriander with ground. Took me a few tries to figure out how to fold them so they look decent.
I froze some for the future so thanks for the tip on that. I will definitely make them again.

I used a puff pastry wrap instead of pue crust. It was delicious!

Great flavor I tweaked a little bit and made my on dough.

But amazing flavor

I did change the filling , and used puff pastry instead of pie dough.  I used 2 fresh cayenne peppers from my garden. The spice blend is AMAZING!  This recipe is going into my favorite file.  Just a final note: I blanched broccoli, and used ground beef.  I added onions, garlic and spices, then added broccoli and then the beef let it all cook and marry together, then filled my pastry. Followed baking directions.  And as I said...AMAZING!

For a first time trying this recipe I would say I totally succeeded!!! I added a little more cumin and curry just cause I love those spices, I added more salt. Got some left over stuffing but personally it doesn’t matter to me cause I can make some more tomorrow for the party I’m hosting!!! Love love love .

