Fabulous! The only change we made was to substitute the tandoori marsala with 1 Tbsp. curry powder. We loved it and will serve it to company.

I was intrigued, but once I saw 1 cup of butter PLUS 3 cups heavy cream and almost 900 calories per serving----wow. I'm sure this dish is delish, but definitely NOT healthy!!!!  Will have to keep looking for something with more reasonable ingredients.

Very easy and very good!

I have made this dish four times now and I loved it every time!  But, like others, had issues with graininess in the sauce.  I finally figured out how to avoid it this time around!Bring the sauce up to a simmer SLOWLY (I melted the butter and warmed the tomato sauce before adding the cream).  Also, do NOT let it come to a boil, only a gentle simmer!  If it boils, the sauce will separate and get that "grainy" or "curdled" look.Even if it does get grainy, it is still delicious!  So don't despair, if that happens to you :)

My family loves it!

We use the lightened version (1/4 c butter and 1 can of evaporated milk) and absolutely love it!

I have actually made this several times over the years and love it (its taste) but I find it always curdles.  It never looks as smooth and creamy as you picture here. Now I must admit, I do not use store bought (anything) tomato sauce, but either diced or crushed tomatoes.  Nontheless, I do not understand the curdled look if it.

Easy to make and my guests raved  about it.

Super easy and delicious! I was worried it would be too spicy for my anti-spice children but they loved it. One said his mouth was tingling but not burning so it was good. Couldn't find tandoori masala at the market so used another recipe on here to make my own version. I didn't have enough heavy cream so used about a cup of milk as a sub, otherwise followed the recipe. Turned out amazing.

Thanks for sharing

Made it all the time before going vegan and is still very easy to make now that I am vegan. Just switch out the chicken with hunks of extra-firm tofu and use coconut milk or cashew cream instead of the cream. I just use a small spray of avocado oil instead of all the vegan butter. Still an amazing recipe!

