Since you basically dump everything into the pan, it was easy to prep. But I had to baby it too much while cooking because the beef kept sticking and burning. Probably shouldn't have used a cast iron. But it still tasted amazing...the next day! Also all my lemongrass broke down and was hard to find.

Not a fan. I love spicy. I have always roasted and ground my own spices, I even grow as much as I can myself. Unfortunately My wife has a LEGIT medical issue that prohibits her from eating spicy food so I only used 1 Serrano pepper for this dish. The heat was still farrr to high as all these flavors concentrate as it reduces. I wasn’t impressed with this.

Wow...that's a lot of flavor! This is a totally unique flavor profile. I thought it would need sauce or something but it did not. I made as written except for adding some fresh tumeric since it was on hand. It just took a long time to cook but it makes a lot and good for leftovers. The husband gobbled it up. It was a perfect comfort dish for these colder evenings.

Absolutely my favorite recipe! It is rather complicated but as long as you follow Chef John it will turn out great!

I've made this twice now, and it's delicious!  Some tips: I can't see salt in the recipe, but I added salt and fish sauce to taste.  Both times I made this, I started it on the stove, but then put it, uncovered, in a 275 degree oven set on convection to cook.  Not sure if the convection is mandatory, but the fan kept the oven from steaming up and might have helped reduce the sauce.  I pulled it out and stirred every hour or so till it was done (took 4 hours, so similar to stovetop time, but less demanding on the cook).  I did cut the beef in very large chunks the second time--fully two inches square--to prevent premature shredding.  Result was shreddable, but still  juicy and intact at 4 hours, and it took the full 4 hours in the oven for the sauce to reduce to dry.  Btw, I learned during the pandemic that all those SE Asian aromatics freeze well.  No more last minute trips to the store--we always have the ingredients for this on hand in the freezer.  Thanks for a wonderful recipe, Chef John!

Made as is, I never had Beef Rendang before so nothing to compare it to. The smell while cooking is amazing. I might not cook down all the sauce next time.

This was absolutely incredible and restaurant-quality. I didn’t have galangal, so I upped the ginger. I excluded the Fresno because I didn’t have that either. It didn’t matter — it was amazing and I will definitely make again. I used Chef John’s tip to cover and add water to preserve a sauce, and that was totally worth it.

The flavors were wonderful. This was an amazing dish with flavors that would sneak up on you and make you say "Wow"! It was fairly easy to make and just took some to prepare. I used my InstantPot and it cooked for 2o minutes on high with 15 minutes natural release. Cooking in the pressure cooker doesn't allow evaporation so I had more sauce which allowed me to slather the dish over  Asian noodles and it was great.

Holy moly. I've been trying to find a restaurant quality South East Asian curry for many years. This one hit the spot. It's seriously impressive.

It tastes best when you are actually cooking  it because of all the juices. I recommend saving some sauce or sludge from the pan to pour over the meat because it dried a little to fast on top of my rice. Still even after that it was super flavorful, tender and my mom and dad thought it was delicious. I would make this again. Awesome smells and flavor.  I did not use Korean red pepper flakes or  galangal. I substituted by using a little chili powder, red pepper flakes, and paprika. Just a tiny bit.

This dish was amazing and so flavorful. I didn't have tamarind paste so I used the substitute that Chef John recommended on his website and used lime zest and the juice of 1 lime instead. I also used thai chili peppers since I had that lying around instead of the fresno and serrano chili pepper. It takes a long time to make and you have to watch the food carefully so the beef doesn't get burned, but the end result is definitely worth it.

