Nasi Goreng is a staple in our home. My hubby's maternal side of the family are dutch...however they spent a good deal of time in Indonesia. I have learned many wonderful recipes that are Dutch/Indonesian. This particular one we make a little different. We use leftover (cold) rice from a previous meal and saute in bacon grease. We then add in chopped green onion, regular onion, spam cut up (or bacon if we have some cooked) and enough soy sauce to coat the rice nicely. You could very easily use any meat of your choosing. We also add in scrambled eggs. Very simple and a very good way to use up leftover rice. Just make sure your using COLD rice! Enjoy!!

I ran a little short of coriander but it turned out quite good.  I would make again.

Really different!!! (but good).

Delicious!

I made it spicy for Desi taste! It turned out to be great! I used Basmati rice , added some salt and cayenne pepper to omelette, used 2 serrano green peppers and 1 tablespoon salt and 1 teaspoon black pepper. By the way could not find kecap manis so prepared it myself.A must try for food lovers.

As a base recipe this is good but you can sub out any of the veggies or meat.

I am not familiar with Indonesian cuisine, so I kind of didn't notice when I first read the recipe that it calls for a different kind of Soy sauce. So I had to substitute regular low sodium soy sauce. Also didn't have any green Chile peppers , so I used 1 tea spoon of Sambal chili paste. 
But, the recipe still produced a delicious, fried rice. I am, really curious now about the Indonesian soy sauce and can't wait to get some and remake  this recipe with it.

Easy to make. Will make it again. Kick it up some by using sambal. I did not use prawns but added more chucken

I made this last night. I omitted the shrimp and used only chicken. I tripled the amount of garlic and I used canned diced green chiles (the whole 4 oz can). I julienned baby carrots and added some snap peas because the Indonesian Rice that I had previously was filled with veggies. I used 2 eggs and 5 TBSP's of Soy Sauce because with the addition of veggies -- it didn't seem to have enough sauce. I LOVED it and chose to make it our meal, my husband felt it was more of a side dish.

Loved it !!! We will make this one a family staple Thanks :)I didn't use the chili's so I put a good squirt of sriracha sauce in with the soya sauce.

