Very good flavor. Sautéed chopped up chicken tenderloins in sesame oil with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Added peanut butter, lime juice, red pepper flakes, a little water, brown sugar, and regular soy sauce. Did it all in one pan...no skewers or anything. Did everything to taste as well. Was very good and simple.

The marinade consists of oil, salt & pepper, so it’s not adding any flavor to the chicken.  I found the peanut sauce very diluted/watered down, so if I were to make again, I’d definitely reduce the amount of water.  You’re pretty much relying on the peanut sauce for the flavor on this recipe.  Made it exactly as written, tasted, and then started adding ingredients to make it work for us.   I cut the chicken into 1” pieces, and did not sauce the skewers until the chicken was just about cooked.  If you brush on the sauce too soon, you’ll end up with burned skewers waiting for the chicken to cook.  I bought a bottle of kecap manis for this recipe (not a staple in my pantry), and for any others who aren’t familiar with it,  just wanted to give you a heads up that plain soy sauce is not a good substitution.  Consistency is very thick, and it tastes a bit like molasses IMO.  The chicken was juicy, and with modifications, we enjoyed it, but as written, it would have been a disappointment.

I love this recipe! I have traveled to Indonesia 7 times over the last three years, the Sate is always the beat in the world. This recipe is really close and I make it when I am missing the beautiful Riau or Java islands. My fiancée absolutely adores the recipe.

Kept it the sames yum yum!

I only made the peanut sauce portion, since I used a family recipe for the satay. My husband's dad was born in Holland and his parents are both Dutch Indonesian, this recipe got 5 stars all around! Very authentic! Thank you!

Great basis for a recipe (I'm very naughty at following them step by step) however I followed the more tedious steps (marinate chicken, glaze chicken with sauce prior to cooking) which made the chicken juicier and cruncher! Hot tip - oven bake 30 mins then grill for 5 each side. ADD FRESH VEGGIES. It was a little too one texture for me so will make it again but will add blanched carrots, capsicum and maybe even some cucumber to freshen it up! Also, I added an egg - spot on choice.

LOVE this recipe, with some simple changes. I don't marinade beforehand. I pan fry the chicken on skewers in a little oil. For the satay sauce, I omit the salt as the soya sauce is already salty. I add a pinch of red pepper flakes. Fantastic!

My picky family was crazy about this!

Very good flavor. Sautéed chopped up chicken tenderloins in sesame oil with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Added peanut butter, lime juice, red pepper flakes, a little water, brown sugar, and regular soy sauce. Did it all in one pan...no skewers or anything. Did everything to taste as well. Was very good and simple.

The marinade consists of oil, salt & pepper, so it’s not adding any flavor to the chicken.  I found the peanut sauce very diluted/watered down, so if I were to make again, I’d definitely reduce the amount of water.  You’re pretty much relying on the peanut sauce for the flavor on this recipe.  Made it exactly as written, tasted, and then started adding ingredients to make it work for us.   I cut the chicken into 1” pieces, and did not sauce the skewers until the chicken was just about cooked.  If you brush on the sauce too soon, you’ll end up with burned skewers waiting for the chicken to cook.  I bought a bottle of kecap manis for this recipe (not a staple in my pantry), and for any others who aren’t familiar with it,  just wanted to give you a heads up that plain soy sauce is not a good substitution.  Consistency is very thick, and it tastes a bit like molasses IMO.  The chicken was juicy, and with modifications, we enjoyed it, but as written, it would have been a disappointment.

It's delicious...yummy....enak. I tried and everyone in the family loved it so much. Though I am a vegetarian and so does my daughter, I still tasted it to know how yummy it was and yes it was good. delicious. Two thumbs for you.

My husband and my boy loved so ...so much. 

Thanks for the recipe.

Cheers.

Chef69

