I opted for this recipe rather than the others because it called for less ingredients and more bananas, which makes them taste more like bananas and less doughy. I found that if the fritters were fried to just a golden brown, they were a little soft, so I let them fry a little longer to a medium brown. This made them crispier when they cooled down, and they were just as tasty. Thanks for this great recipe!

I followed the recipe to a T and we thought They were very bitter tasting. I will not be making these again.

Amazing! Added essence

I made a few minor adjustments to this recipe including using gluten free baking mix instead of regular flour.  I cut the recipe way down since I realized how many servings it is for!  There are only three in our household!  Lol. I used brown sugar instead of white and fried them in coconut oil.  Since I realized these were not what I consider traditional banana fritters I was happy with the outcome.  They are not fluffy so if that is what you are wanting, skip this recipe.  But, they have a nice banana flavor and even though you may think they are too dark let them fry to a deep brown on each side.  I recommend this for anyone looking for a change to their regular fritters!

I followed this recipe to the t, but had to make some changes after I fried the batter. I think the flour should be 2 5/8 cups, 5 tablespoons sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla. After I made these changes, I tried the batter again, and it was great.

Depending on how ripe or over ripe the bananas are, adjust the amount of flour used, to obtain a very very thick batter. It helps to use 2 spoons to drop neat spoonfuls of batter into the hot oil. Traditionally, sharp pointy 'tails' on the fritters are not favored. For variation, i sometimes add a couple of tablespoons of shredded/ dessicated coconut into the batter.

Weren't as tasty as I had expected. I personally preferred for mine to be golden brown and they only have to cook for around 30 sec.

i had 3 very ripe bananas & no eggs or milk. this was a perfect recipe to put them to use, i just halved this recipe. i did add some cinnamon & vanilla extract. i also fried them in coconut oil. they came out well. i bet they'd be awesome with blue bell homemade vanilla ice cream, but i was not hungry when i made these. after taking out the oil i did spread some of my raw cinna honey. they were good & worth making! next time i'll make sure i'm craving sweet food & have ice cream before making them again.

Yum!! These were excellent. I also found they were a little soft on the inside, which I wasn't expecting, so you have to be careful when frying and test them a few times first to get it right. I used overripe bananas that had been frozen. I'm sure it would work even better with fresh bananas, but it worked really well even with the frozen ones. Drizzle a little honey over them and you have yourself a serious treat!

This was very good. I only had a couple of bananas but it still had a nice banana flavor. I tried to make a couple of them bigger, but they were not done in the middle.  I did make a light glaze to go over it.

These were delicious! I let the oil become quite hot before I dropped the fritters in, so it took significantly less time to cook. I used the wok, and skipped the rum flavoring since I didn't have any around. I also sprinkled confectioner's sugar over them when they were done. Yummy!

