Great base recipe - used a can of coconut milk instead - is the same as using coconut cream & hot water.  Poured the coconut milk in with the onions & garlic and added 1/2 tsp of lemon juice, chilli powder, ground ginger, salt and pepper before adding the chicken.  Without that, I found the sauce to be a little bland.  But I definitely enjoyed those spices on the chicken.

This is way to sweet.  Half the cream of coconut should be more than enough-I had to add a lot more of everything to be able to eat this.  It was still to sweet.  You can always add more if you like it sweeter.  This needs some work to make the flavor more complex.

My husband and I loved this recipe. I used the juice of 1 whole lime, however much that was, sine we both love limes.  I cut the Chile powder back for fear it might be too spicy for us.  I didn't have a can of cream of coconut but used about 1/2 c.  cream of coconut that was in a squeeze bottle.  I just guessed at how much I wanted in it because it is so sweet.  I followed the rest of the recipe and it was perfect.  There was just enough Chile to leave a slight amount of heat to be perfect.  I will definitely will be making this again.  I served it with buttered noodles (no folks) noodles.  It was the perfect match with the coconut lime sauce.

This was great but needs more spices. A little bland. I added fresh coconut for a little crunch in the sauce.

This is way too much water for the can of cream of coconut.  Sauce was also bland so added fish sauce, fresh grated ginger and anything oriental/thai I had.  3 tbs. peanut butter did help to thicken it a bit, but I was really hoping for a thicker sauce.  Needs a lot of embellishment to be good, but it was once I added the extra ingredients..

Delicious!!!

The technique (preparation) is spot on. Browning the chicken, removing and then cooking the onions/garlic before adding the now spiced chicken back in along with the coconut cream/water was spot on! But the flavor is a bit off. Too much water for the amount of coconut cream. Made as written, it turned out a bit watery and not enough flavor. Added two teaspoons of coconut extract and two teaspoons of coconut sugar to balance out the flavors. Next time, will use about 1/2 the water but still plan to add some coconut extract and sugar!

We all liked this. The sauce did not thicken at all though. We just served it over rice.

This was really tasty, but definitely too sweet made as is. I will make with half coconut cream/half coconut milk next time. I did add one large green pepper, 1 TBS of fresh ginger, 4 garlic cloves and the juice of one whole lemon. Also floured, salt and peppered, pan fried the chicken until brown but pink. After removing the chicken from pan (sprinkled with 1/2 lemon juice), added the ginger/garlic/pepper/onion and cooked for few min. Then added liquid, then chicken breasts  simmered uncovered for 30+- minutes, liquid reduced and browned and chicken was very tender. Added more lemon juice and served with Sambal Oelek - for more spice.

This recipe is a great starting point!  I used a can of coconut milk instead of coconut cream because that is what I had in the house. I used 1 TBSP of minced garlic instead of the ginger (personal taste) and I cubed up the chicken breast so they would cook faster.  Once everything was cooked up I threw in some frozen peas, beans, and carrots for a one pot meal!  Serve it over some jasmine rice and it is a quick, easy and great tasting meal!

Loved this recipe. I was looking for a creamy sauce I could serve my son. He cannot have dairy. This was perfect. I had the ingredient on hand so didn't have to run out for anything. I did add a bit of chipotle powder but just a bit as I didn't want to make it to spice for my toddler. I think that was all I changed. We used the meat and sauce to make a chicken wrap. We filled the wrap with sweet peppers, cucumbers, lettuce, tomatoes, and avocados. My kids were both asking for more.

