I have never had anything but raves about this recipe.  I have made it several times now.  I usually make a whole recipe and freeze half for later use.  
The meat has a strong peanutty taste.  You can adjust the heat easily and I tend to make mine mild since it must be child friendly.  I will usually serve over rice for a main dish with vegies.  
I have tried cooking it several ways.  Outdoor grill stuck and the meat fell off the skewers.  Indoor grill (George Forman) worked great if you are only doing a few.  Oven works good for a large batch, but I have never had much luck broiling anything, so some were a little under done.  The last time I stir-fried in a wok.  This is the method I will use from now on.  All the meat was cooked and none was dried out or under done.

I should have heeded Quadon's advice.  It WAS way too salty but seemed great if I could just get past the saltiness.  Next time I will definitely use low sodium soy sauce, unsalted peanuts and unsalted butter.  It still should have enough flavor with everything else.

This was very good, but made as directed there really wasn't any liquid.  I ended up adding about 1 cup of water to the mix.  After I skewered all the meat, added about 2 tbsp of brown sugar and boiled it down to baste and serve on the side.  Next time will just try with peanut butter instead of the nuts, and omit the butter altogether.

Great dish. I cooked the pork in a hot pan and sauce that was stuck on the pork ?from marinating thickened up nicely. The extra sauce was cooked in a pan but wasn’t needed. Next time I’ll add more hot pepper.

This recipe is fine.  it won't set the world afire but it shouldn't draw any gripes from an eater that would like this sort of dish either.  I was concerned that it might be too salty because of some of the reviews so i used low sodium soy sauce and low sodium chicken bone stock.  Salt was an issue with my make- it was lacking. But I feel lucky in that it allowed me to add some high protein fish sauce.  My lemons were not juicy so I subbed in some rice wine vinegar to compensate.  Later, I wen t to the store and bought some limes and added lime juice to adjust brightness a bit plus it seemed like it needed lime to me.

In the end, this is an acceptable recipe, pretty good taste.  I would go about it differently next time.  It would be more handling but probably not too much more time, the flavors would be more layered and one  could tweak the balance more easily.

Delicious. I made one serving with Naan and made a wrap with lettuce, extra sauce, and goat cheese. The second serving for dinner I made rice and served it over rice with sauce drizzled on top.

I omitted the honey (not a fan) and the butter, which probably tastes amazing, but too many calories.  I stir fried it with lots of veggies and it was very tasty!  I think grilling it would be divine and will definitely try it when the weather warms up.

Wow! This was awesome. I almost didn't make it because of the picture. We prefer our pork with a fair amount of pink which I was able to achieve in about 10 minutes on the grill. I followed the recipe, marinating overnight, but added a splash of peanut oil and cumin to the marinade. Will definitely make again. Served with nasi gorung and Indonesian cucumber salad.

Outstanding recipe!

Our family really loved this recipe, i used cashews instead of peanuts because thats what I had, and we bbq them and brushed with a little bbq sauce as well.  I will try with peanuts next time to see the difference but as it was we loved it.

Wow, was this ever delicious!   My family went crazy for it.  I grilled it with Vidalia onions between the pork.  Would be good with tomatoes too.  The sauce was fantastic and the marinade gave the pork a wonderful texture and flavor.  I will definitely make it again.  Next time I am going to try to cut the butter in half, maybe adding more broth for volume.

