I am indonesian, and this dish tastes really good and just like the original indonesian fried noodles. I left out salt since the sauce added the saltiness to the dish. I also reduced the amount of soy , oyster and Indonesian sweet soy sauce ( a little bit less than 1/4 cup each ).  I will definitely put this on my regular menu list.

Followed the recipe except I used a two lb bag of fresh noodles from the Chinese grocery instead of 9 oz of ramen.  The amount of soy saucy-ness was still a lot for a homestyle dish! It was about what you would expect in a restaurant. I also cooked the meat and the veggies separately so I could control how done everything got. Good dish, very easy to make especially with a food processor doing the chopping and shredding. Just cut back on the sauce or up the noodles. Would be fine with other meats or tofu instead of chicken.

Wow! This recipe was so tasty! Only thing I changed was I used snow peas instead of broccoli. Yummy!

Wow I changed a small bit like no cabbage no onions and no mushrooms and the chicken was changed to bacon. WOW it was great I made it for my sister

I didn't have sweet soy, so I used extra regular soy and a little stevia.  I also crisped up some small pieces of bacon and sauteed the onions and garlic in the small amount of bacon grease because, well, bacon makes everything better?  Followed the rest of the recipe as written, and we all loved it!  My boys said it's a keeper!!!  Forgot to take a pic and it's all gone now. :)

I'm new to cooking and the recipe was straightforward.  I would definitely make again. Only bad thing is that the dish came out much too salty (likely the amount of soy sauce/oyster sauce). Next time I will add in the sauces slowly and taste as I go.

Lovely recipe.  I love Indonesian Ketchap.  I use it in a ground beef mixed with loads of bean sprouts and served over rice.  A recipe from my Indonesian friend Okie.

I made it nearly as written with exception of adding any salt (garlic salt or regular salt).  I did make the mistake of adding salt to the water for making the noodles.   We liked this overall but would use low sodium soya sauce in future as we found it salty.  I made my own ketjap-manis.

Great  recipe but needs tweaking. I lived in Bali for 3 months and loved this dish. I was really craving it lately and tried out this recipe based on ratings.  It came out OK. The problem was it was way too sweet. Next time I’ll use a tablespoon of kecap and oyster sauce. Also I added a fried egg on top like they serve in Bali.

This was ok.  Good enough for a week night dinner packed with veggies.

This had a good flavor but I didn't like the ramen noodle texture.

