I am of Dutch descent, where Indonesian cuisine was quite popular. This recipe is freakin' superb. Try it. You will love it.

This was good and not too hard to make, but it was just okay. The sauce was better with a bit more peanut butter. I didn't have peanut oil, so I used sesame oil to still give it that nutty flavor. Overall, the marinade for the chicken just didn't go with the peanut sauce. My boyfriend hated it, but thought it was okay and would give it a 4. I feel like if I could still use the peanut sauce, but I wouldn't use the marinade again.

We have been eating this type of satay for many years on our frequent trips to the Netherlands  Never had anything made at home in Yorkshire that has turned out as authentic in taste - well done  This will become a family favourite  True rating  11/10

Really good chicken recipe! I used my indoor grill pan because it was raining outside. Chicken came out perfectly juicy and not dry at all. Loved the marinade. The peanut dipping sauce was good, but I made it even better by the addition of some Sriracha.

This good frfr💯💯

Excellent and easy. I used chicken and shrimp - it worked for both. I followed the recipe exactly except I used canola oil. I would say red pepper flakes for a little heat next time but I'll make this again!

We lived in Indonesia for 4 years and man did this take us back! So easy and super yummy! My 10-year old (who was 5 when we left) gobbled them up!

Yummy, especially with the peanut sauce. Great recipe which we will do again

I don't usually review recipes, but this one was absolutely delicious !   We will defiantly make it again and again .

A hit! The chicken was tender and flavorful. Loved the sauce. One kid didn't like the sauce but loved the chicken alone. There is room to add a little more spice for some heat.

This was delicious, will definitely make again.  I marinated my chicken for 45 minutes.  For the peanut sauce I used kecap manis (Indonesian sweet soy sauce) instead of the soy sauce, 1 Tbsp of brown sugar in place of the white sugar and lime juice rather than lemon.

