**Updated review with changes.  I have made this recipe twice, first time as written, second time using brown sugar and *not* browning prior to adding the remainder of the ingredients.  I found the white sugar difficult to use (see my initial review at the end of this review) but using the brown solved the problems I had had. Also, I brought the sauce to a boil, then simmered for about 5 minutes only as I was worried it would burn. I used dried curry leaves and star anise found in my local Asian grocery.  I now rate this as a "4" star (a recipe has to be really remarkable for a "5" from this reviewer).  The taste is very good, and the consistency is just thick enough.  I do hope people will try this as it adds an interesting salty/sweet taste to rice, noodles etc.  Thanks again, Rocky.   The following is my initial review left attached as it might provide a few hints about the recipe: This is an interesting recipe.  I did have some difficulty with  the first step which was browning the sugar, then adding the soy sauce.  The sugar clumped quite badly and then when the sauce was added, it was nearly impossible to dissolve.  I carried on, adding the water and seasonings, and brought the mixture to a boil. I thought at this point the sugar might dissolve and kept it at a slow boil for a few minutes but thought I could smell a bit of burning so took it off the heat. After it had cooled I strained it and tasted. I couldn't discern any burnt flavour. All in all, it tastes prett

Best sweet soy sauce ever! I didn't have any curry leaves, so I used bay leaves and lime zest instead. I think the lime zest was a nice addition to the original flavor.

I used gluten free soy sauce (tamari) and I thought it tasted delicious! Question: does anyone know how long this will keep in the fridge??

Disgustingly salty. HAd to add 50% water by volume and the salt was still too much.

this was a life saver in an Indonesian dish. I had no curry leaves so I had to use powder. When I find the fresh leaves I am sure it would be even better.

The browning of the sugar at the beginning was a bit annoying and I quit before it was done. Don't know what the issue was, but it's possible it was the "soft" sugar I was using (it's what's most readily available in Changchun). Whatever. It went well, didn't burn and all the sugar did dissolve. And wow, it tastes really good.

**Updated review with changes.  I have made this recipe twice, first time as written, second time using brown sugar and *not* browning prior to adding the remainder of the ingredients.  I found the white sugar difficult to use (see my initial review at the end of this review) but using the brown solved the problems I had had. Also, I brought the sauce to a boil, then simmered for about 5 minutes only as I was worried it would burn. I used dried curry leaves and star anise found in my local Asian grocery.  I now rate this as a "4" star (a recipe has to be really remarkable for a "5" from this reviewer).  The taste is very good, and the consistency is just thick enough.  I do hope people will try this as it adds an interesting salty/sweet taste to rice, noodles etc.  Thanks again, Rocky.   The following is my initial review left attached as it might provide a few hints about the recipe: This is an interesting recipe.  I did have some difficulty with  the first step which was browning the sugar, then adding the soy sauce.  The sugar clumped quite badly and then when the sauce was added, it was nearly impossible to dissolve.  I carried on, adding the water and seasonings, and brought the mixture to a boil. I thought at this point the sugar might dissolve and kept it at a slow boil for a few minutes but thought I could smell a bit of burning so took it off the heat. After it had cooled I strained it and tasted. I couldn't discern any burnt flavour. All in all, it tastes prett

