This is a very tasty stir fry! The only difference I made was substituting napa cabbage for bok choy. I served it with the Peanut Butter Noodles recipe.

I followed the recipe pretty much exactly since no one had rated or reviewed it yet.  The only change I made was substituting spinach leaves for bok choy since I didn't have any on hand - I just added the spinach leaves to the wok just before serving so they would wilt from the heat.  I didn't add any extra salt since it was already pretty salty from the fish sauce and oyster sauce.  We served it over steamed rice.  My husband really really liked it.  Good recipe and nice to use up any extra broccoli and cauliflower you might have on hand.

This was great. Used chicken instead of prawns. Added kid friendly veg and got the thumbs up!

Excellent! Did not add fish sauce, salt or cauliflower.

This recipe has promise.  I didn't have much broccoli, so it was a little heavy on Cauliflower.  Also didn't have any fish sauce on hand.  Thought there could have been a bit more flavour, and will experiment with adding ginger and/or hot chili next time.   The sugar was a nice touch in this.  Overall though, I was very happy with the recipe.

I'm an Indonesian currently living abroad. I made this recipe and it tasted like the capcai (or capcay) my mother made at home! It was such a nice surprise. Very easy to make and healthy :)

I was very suprised when my kids loved this.  I wasn't to sure they would but it was great.  I followed the recipe as written and it was great.

i made some changes, like sauteeing the garlic in hot oil first. mainly, i cooked for a shorter period of time because i like my veggies crisp: leaving the onions in only for a couple of minutes, cooking my shrimp+bok choy+carrot mix for just 10 min instead of 15, and throwing in the green onions at the end with the sauce mix and leaving the medium heat on for one minute. by the way, there was absolutely no need for extra salt, as the fish sauce is quite salty enough!
i only followed the recipe loosely but was pleased with how it turned out.

Very good!

This is a very tasty stir fry! The only difference I made was substituting napa cabbage for bok choy. I served it with the Peanut Butter Noodles recipe.

Just didn't care for it overall.

