hi I am indonesian--and pisang goreng is just the best. if you try to bake the bananas in the oven on a baking sheet (425 F) until they're crispy, and use egg substitutes and reduced-calorie margarine (instead of butter), you'll cut down on a lot of fat.

I made these just to try something different. They were pretty good, although we could barely taste the rum flavoring. Also, if I were to make them again, I would use bananas that weren't quite so ripe - the fritters were a little too mushy for my liking. Thanks, Unieng!

Made these for my daughter’s international food day at school.  Crazy easy! Removed Rum and used vanilla- cause…. School. I was worried they wouldn’t make enough and I would need two batches. Wrong!  This recipe makes a number of little balls of fried bananas!!  I started scooping larger spoonfuls to finish. One batch makes plenty for everyone in the class to try them. Also all ingredients are easily found in your pantry- win!!

I made it and got an extremely thick batter that I couldn't even stir. I had to add water to get it to an ok consistency. I'm not sure what I did wrong because I did the half cup of milk.

I made this in a wok, with not a lot of oil, as I do not have a deep fryer. Liked it a lot. Not hard to make.

I tried this, and I made few variations to it and it turned out great. Instead of rum flavoring I used cinnaomon and instead of cutting the banana in a slice I cut it in vertically so the result was circular banana bites. I also used semi-ripe banana so I wouldn't have to deal with the "smusshy" taste. All in all it was a great recipe

Love them!! Can't stop eating them!

They were a huge hit. I didn't have any vanilla powder and used cocoa powder instead for a chocolate taste and dipped them in a chocolate sauce and made a cream cheese compote for dipping as well. My two year had a blast!

I absolutely loved it. I added cinnamon instead of the vanilla powder. It was amazing. The exact amount of sugar for my taste. My mum n bro enjoyed it alot.

Living in Jakarta for a good amount of my childhood my family used to make these frequently.  There is something a little 'off' about the recipe can't really put my finger on it and we certainly didn't use rum in ours but still good and reminded me of those days. For those of you whom have never had this, the best way to describe it....it is sorta like funnel cake with banana inside!

These weren't bad but they definitely needed more sugar for my liking. Since a lot of the batter mix is left in the bottom of the bowl, the sugar probably didn't really mix in well. Honey might have solved this issue since it's a liquid. Also, I'd prefer it if they were a little crispier on the outside.

