This was amazing. I was afraid my picky husband and son would not eat it, especially with the strong aroma. But they gobbled it up and even went back for seconds. I used brown rice, so I had to cook it for about 45 minutes and then let it rest for another 10-15. In addition to the green onions, I topped it off with cilantro and a few mint leaves. This will be a regular at my house, but as another reviewer suggested, I too would cut the amount in half. My small family liked it, but I'm sure they don't want to eat the leftovers for a whole week.

This was a nice side dish, but nothing too fancy or mind-blowing. My boyfriend said it was good and asked if it was a curry dish. The turmeric gave it the look and flavor of a mild curry dish. There were no rave reviews for the effort. I used it as an accompaniment to Indonesian Satay (on this site). I think it would have been much better with an Indian dish (like Tandoori Chicken as another reviewer mentioned). The Indonesian Satay really should have had a white jasmine rice side dish.

I added butter.  It was perfect.

Followed recipe exactly. Loved it. Healthy and delicious.

OMG!!  This rice was to DIE for!!  I only had one jalapeño but it worked great.  I’d put a second one another time (and there WILL be another time and then some)!  Don’t skimp on the onion either!  I didn’t have chicken stock so I used water and bouillon cubes.  I was a bit sceptical about using cinnamon but I think it’s a must and it was not overbearing in taste.

Delicious. I added extra stock powder and used crushed chillies.
Husband said it could be hotter!

Used sesame oil, no jalapeños, brown rice, red pepper flakes, chicken bouillon, and more water than what was required. I didn't have any scallions so I left that off. Also used two bay leaves. It was very very good! Highly recommend.

The rice cooked up well but was week in flavor. If I were to make it again I would use all broth, no plain water, more turmeric and possibly some salt, we had to salt it on the plate. This was my husbands comment while eating, "does this have cinnamon in it?"

I made it this way and liked it so much that I started making a version of it for "Mexican night". Just used chili powder instead of cinnamon and virtual the veggies diced up the onion along with a green chili (no seeds) and a half of a red bell pepper. I also only use enough oil to cook the onion, no more than a tbsp. Easy peasy and family approved!

This was great!!

Could have been better if more stock was added. My rice came out too dry!

