I was looking forward to this recipe because I love peanut sauces and fresh green beans but my family wasn't as excited.  Once they got a couple of bites, they were sold and kept asking for more.  I thought the chile paste might have been too strong for the kids but nobody minded and I thought it was just perfect for me.  I even liked the way the rice was cooked on this recipe versus the way I would normally cook it.  Next time, I'll probably make twice the rice and twice the sauce.  Fantastic recipe!

This is very americanized, in spite of doubling the lemon and chile sauce it was very bland.  The chicken needs to be sauteed with garlic/onions or something to give it some flavor.  This tasted like chicken and beans smothered in peanut butter. . .yuk

Perfect if you love any kind of peanut sauce. I cook this at least a couple times a month.

definitely want to marinade the chicken next time - was a little bland but I was also rushing the recipe.  Used steam packs for the green beans and rice cooker for the rice and those were good.  I think I just needed to let the sauce develop more flavor - it had a good taste but was really watery for me.

Very tasty! I doubled the sauce ingredients and used shrimp instead of chicken.

added garlic and onion, used chicken broth in place of water to make the rice.  Delicious, will make for guests

After reading some other reviews I decided to reduce the amount of PB;  I also used boneless chicken thighs, other wise followed the recipe.  My two adult children ate it but commented the the PB was too strong a flavor, and my wife pushed her plate away after one bite.  I refuse to waste food so I will eat the leftovers.  Will not make again for this family and can not imagine what it would taste like if I had put the full amount of PB into the sauce.

used teriyaki instead of soy.  Also, did not have chile paste, added extra peanut butter to taste.

This was a fantastic dish! After reading the reviews from other users, I did make a few minor adjustments though. I added some minced garlic, doubled the sauce, added some sliced red pepper and added some sliced carrot. It was great! I will definitely be making this again in the future. Thanks for sharing!

I am giving this a 2 because my hubby was actually able to eat it, even though he requested I axe it for the future. I was not able to eat it. Maybe I am just not used to this type of food. The warm peanut butter was not a taste that I liked. I did not like the smell while it was cooking. Adding the chile sauce just made it worse. It was just a very strong sauce that overwhelmed the chicken and green beans. This is one recipe that I will not be repeating.

Absolutely incredible!  The peanut butter was too strong for me so I added about 3/4 cups of chicken broth and let it simmer down.  I also added 1/2 cup of lemon juice because I have really juicy lemons growing right now.  But it was so light and delicious and hubby thought so too.

