I'm the author of the recipe. Add as much garlic as you like. In the USA, you may need more than specified in the recipe since the garlic here in Israel is incredibly strong and potent. 

To the person who "knows" authentic chummus b/c you ate it at a few restaurants in Israel and Greece... um, well, which restaurants? Because unless you were eating in a restaurant that specialized in chummus, you were eating industrialized chummus--which is kind of like eating spaghetti at Sabarro (sp?) and saying that you know authentic Italian cuisine.

Chummus is an art here and you've got to know where to go to find the good stuff. I'm not saying this recipe parallels Abu Chasan or Bahadonas, but for homemade chummus, it's pretty good.

This recipe was not authentic at ALL!  I had hummus in several restaurants in Israel and Greece and none of them had the cumin in them.  If you're looking for "authentic", then DON'T try this recipe!

I loved this recipe. It's a good base for hummus to create any flavor you want. I added more cumin and lemon juice and salt because I found it to be slightly bland.  I also used canned chickpeas so maybe that's why I found it lacked flavor. I made it for my friends and it was an instant hit. They were raving about it. Overall it's a great easy recipe that will be a staple in my recipe book!

Good. Basic, easy.  More garlic!  More Lemon.  If I had read the authors notes, I would have known.

Easy to make using the dry beans.  I did add more lemon juice and garlic to taste.

Easy to make and very good. I used the canned beans and they were still good

Used 2 dry cups of beans instead of 3. Soaked beans 2 nights instead of one, changed water and quick boiled before simmering for 1.5 hours. Definitely recommend the baking soda pinch, brings out so much more foam. Added hot water midway through the simmer, as water got too shallow.  Used same tahini sauce from the first time I made it. Beans were SO soft, and overall the hummus came out SO much smoother, nearly perfect like what you'd buy packaged at the grocery store.

This was delicious.  My family loved it! I made as directed with one change.  I added a 1/4 tsp of ginger/tumeric mix which added flavor and color.  I will add red pepper flakes next time for a bit of heat.  Will be making this often.  Thanks for posting.

I had to add water because it thickened too much in the mixer but turned out great. Will throw a jalepeno into it next try.

Loved this indeed! I’ve been trying to find a recipe that isn’t overpowered by garlic. In this one, you get the taste of chickpeas and slight hints of all the other flavors. I used the baking soda. I live in a hard water area and find that it helps soften it. Thank you for the recipe.

Excellent recipe!  We made this with a potato masher and no blender to keep the texture a bit more rustic.   Definitely taste it and adjust garlic, salt, etc, to taste once the flavors have had time to meld.  The dry beans make a huge difference.  They are very nutty and lend a nice firm bite.   I love the cumin addition--I'd never seen that before!   Thanks for a beautiful recipe!

