This is such a divine dish!! One mistake- Its supposed to be red wine vinegar- not balsamic!!

WOW!! LOVED THE RECIPIE. IT WAS ABSOUTLY DELICIOUS!! THERE WAS NOTHING LEFT!! YUMMY. THANK YOU FOR A GREAT DINNER!!

I made this recipe tonight and my kids (11 and 12) and myself loved it!  Tastes so fresh and full of flavor. I did top with feta and also used the red wine vinegar many suggested.   I do have one question.  I was confused by the first step.  When you slice the eggplant and than salt it.  Than it says to leave it in a colander and allow it to drain.  Am I suppose to salt it, than rinse it in a colander and let it drain?  That is what I did, because it was VERY salty if I would not have rinsed it, but I was unsure. Any advice would be appreciated.  Great recipe!!!

Really lovely. Many thanks for your recipe.I omitted the bread crumbs and used stone ground whole meal flour to dust.

Good recipe! I did an ingredient search with chicken and eggplant and this recipe came up.  It was perfect.  I used balsamic because I love the flavor, and also added fresh cilantro from our garden to the dressing.

My family enjoyed this.  I don't like eggplant very much but my husband does so I thought we would give it try.  Seasoned flour with onion powder, paprika, salt and pepper.  Used panko instead of breadcrumbs for more crunch.  Great changes good meal.

Followed recipe exactly and these were absolutely delicious!! We did add some crumbled feta cheese as suggested by some earlier reviews. Even our picky 15 & 12 year olds went back for a second!  Thx for sharing!

I ended up using a cherry-balsamic vinegar, in spite of the correction saying to use red wine vinegar. It turned out great!
I also cooked my own red bell pepper. No bother buying a can.

simple and healthy! my kind of meal.

Okay, here is another recipe that I walked into not knowing whether or not I would like it.  I went into this kind of unsure of the grilled eggplant part, but this was soooo good. It is full of flavor and the salad has a nice intense balsamic flavor that really makes the chicken pop. Per others suggestion I added some feta cheese and this made it even better. An easy meal that the whole family will love.

