Phenomenal recipe! My first time making latkes on my own and all my guests were raving. I don't own a food processor so I peeled and grated the potatoes and onion. I added a couple of dashes of pepper and garlic powder. The recipe made a lot, depending on how big your latkes are. I even sent someone home with the recipe. This is a holiday staple recipe for us now.

way too much onion...... had to smother it in ketsup of all things just to get 1 down... might try again without the onion

This was my first time making AND tasting a latke. They tasted fine but I was expecting more. It is a glorified hash brown. I still gave this recipe 4 stars because it’s not a bad recipe. It has great reviews. So if this is the best of the best of lake recipes and I am not impressed, I just don’t think I’m a latke person

I added a about a half tablespoon of pepper and would recommend getting the onions and potatoes as dry as possible with either a cheesecloth or lots of paper towels before adding the other ingredients.

Yummy! So much easier than grating. I had to add little more flour. And drain off extra wet. But really easy. Leftovers nice for breakfast,  too.

I felt like it could use some spice in the batter... which probably wouldn’t be very authentic. I used 1/2 onion and a whole fire roasted Anaheim pepper. My husband liked it more than I expected and didn’t feel that it needed any added sour cream or topping. I will probably make it again for him more than myself.

Great recipe!  My Mom was from Czechoslovakia and came to America after World War 11.  She made the best latkes, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. I substituted matzo meal for the flour and they were perfect.  A big secret is not crowding the frying pan.  Also, use medium sized potatoes.

I really liked using the processor for these since it helped them bind together.

Delicious, easy and oh so traditional! The mixture is quite ‘runny’ which ensures that the latkes are not too high in the pan, and thus cook through well! A winner!!

These were wonderful!  Better than any I've ever had - the addition of baking soda is a new twist for me  and I think that's what helped  make these so special.   We ate half of them and froze the other half, I hope they reheat well.  Can't wait to make these for company - not only are they delicious they are also super easy to make, another big plus in my book!  (BTW I'm adding this a couple of weeks later - I rehated the frozen patties by wrapping them in foil in a 350 degree oven for about 20 minutes, then broiling them for about 5 minutes.  Turned out perfect -tasted like they were just made!)

I consider this the best recipie, not too much eggyness so the potato really gets to star. Minced onion can easily be substituted if you don't want to cut a fresh one

