Delicious!  My oldest daughter is the only one of us who likes soft eggs, and she was so excited that I made this for her.  She added in a handful of black beans, and declared it "perfect"!

I think this is a dish one would have to have grown up on, or appreciate the health benefits of the ingredients, putting taste aside. I normally cut salt in half on recipes, but with this one I ended up using 2 pinches instead of one to give the tomato and zucchini mixture more flavor. It was like a hot bland zucchini salsa. After I started it I realized the eggs were not scrambled and just directly broke onto the vegetables. That was a real turn off for me, but I decided to follow the recipe exactly. The wells kept filling up with tomato fluid not making it exactly easy or attractive. After nearly 2 1/2 times the cooking time for the eggs the whites were still half uncooked on top. I finally removed them from the heat to avoid over cooking the yellow. I didn't like the apperance of the uncooked egg whites as they flooded in with the tomato mixture either. I wished I wouldn't have wasted my good garden vegetables, as most all of it got tossed, as no one would eat it. I don't know how all of the ingredients are good, but not together? But, just thinking about this dish gives me a tummy ache with the idea of the mix of very raw liquidy eggs floating on top of bland vegetables.

Easy to make, and was really good

My husband is an eggs and bacon guy, so I was a little skeptical, but he loved it!!!
I did make some small changes. 
Substituted canned crushed tomato for tomatoes pureed through the food processor. Added a little extra salt and pepper. Zucchini skins were a little tough, so I think I'll peel them next time.

Not bad! You can’t go wrong with fresh tomatoes, garlic and zucchini. I’ll make it again but it won’t be a regular for us.

This was the first time I ever cooked and even ate shakshuka. I thought this was really nice, and a nice alternative to traditional breakfast with eggs, bacon, and toast.I have gastritis and can’t do spice well, so I substituted a little bit of paprika for the Tabasco. I was worried that the eggs would be mushy or gross, but they weren’t. I cooked them for five minutes because I like my eggs firm, and I thought the texture was great. I will definitely try it again.

Simple yet satisfying. I used canned chopped tomatoes, extra hot sauce and added some fresh chopped basil at the end. I didn't need to sauté my veggies as long as it called for and I left the lid off so the liquid would reduce. It turned out pretty good! Definitely season to taste!

This recipe is pretty tasty, however I had a few issues.  I followed the recipe, very closely,  using a drained and pureed 14.5 ounce can of diced tomatoes, instead of the size specified.  I don't usually buy a 10 ounce can.  I used 1/2 of a large onion, since no size was listed.  For us, 4  shakes of hot sauce was barely noticeable, so I doubled it.  Also, we needed closer to 1/2 teaspoon salt.  For the instructions:  I do not ever start onion and garlic, together, because the garlic will burn, before the onion cooks.  So, I gave the onions a 4 minute head start, allowing the garlic to cook only 1 minute.  Next, when I added the zucchini, I needed to go ahead and add the tomatoes, as the vegetables were beginning to brown, but not soften.  I did turn down to a simmer and cover.   Three minutes at a simmer temperature is not enough for cooking the whites of the egg.  My photo shows how done the eggs are at 3 minutes.   I had to double the cooking time on the eggs, and finally turn up the heat on the burner to achieve whites that were somewhat solid, with a runny yolk, which I like.   Cooking surfaces are different, skillets are different, and cooks are different.  To prepare this tasty dish, the cook needs to monitor closely to achieve desired results.

Loved it, simple and quick to make. Will do again!

This recipe is a keeper . I will definitely be making this again!

It is the first time we tried making shakshuka and it was delicious. We used fresh garden tomatoes with a little pasta sauce for extra liquid. We will make it again!

