I loved this cookie!  Tender, flavorful, perfect texture.  Tahini is an acquired taste, but isn't too overpowering in this recipe.  Like others, I found that the cookies will fall apart if you handle them while they're still hot.  Rather than use a wire cooling rack, I used a grill pan to cool them on.  They fall through the wire rack.  If you allow the full cooling time, they hold together fine.

Were crumbly, as other have commented. Taste was still good, and people liked them at the pot luck I made them for.

A great tasting cookie. Quick and easy to make. It’s an excellent substitute for peanut butter cookies when “peanut free” is required.

I followed the recipe exactly but used margarine. These were way too oily and even after chilling 45 min. quickly spread across the cookie pan when baked. I'll try them again, halving the butter amount.

do you use granulated suger or powder

Light and crispy with a delicate richness that reminded me of pecan sandies. Mine spread out more than I'd expected them to, and all kind of joined up. Next time, I'll space them better. Delicious cookie!

very good recipe! yammi

I made these cookies with some leftover Tahini.  They were delicious and tasted so much like halvah (sesame candy).  2 of my 3 boys loved them. The one who did not like does not like halvah candy either.  The one problem was the cookies crumbled and fell apart easily even after I let them cool 45 minutes on the cookie sheet.  I used the insulated cookie sheet for baking, did not have any trouble removing them but they were fragile and would crumble or break in my hand.  My solution was instead of serving as a cookie, was to put the remaining cookies in a glass mason jar.  This is now being stored in the fridge.  I will take a spoonful and sprinkle it over vanilla ice cream for a special dessert.  Delish!!!  I also placed 2-3 semisweet chocolate chips on each cookie while baking for variety.   From now on this will be my solution for using leftover Tahini!

I made these for my daughter's 3rd grade class for her project on Israel.  It wasn't a huge hit with all of the kids because of the unique tahini flavor, but the parents liked them and so did I.  I added a few tablespoons of honey per previous review.  I had no problems with crumbling (I let them cool on the cookie sheet, and then on a rack - as per the directions).

I love this cookie and it is so easy to make.  I have sent the recipe to my kids and friends.  I tried to share on facebook, but could not get it to work.  Great cookie!!  You must try it!

My husband is from Lebanon and really like the tahini taste.......this is a really simple recipe and the cookies are great!!!!!!

