I had a cup of tahini in the fridge which I wanted to use up and was looking for a simple recipe. I did not have unsalted butter so I used salted. I didn't feel like rolling the dough into little balls but, instead, patted the dough out on a sheet pan, cut it into squares with a dough scraper, and baked it for about 20 minutes. I like the taste of these simple cookies because they are not too sweet.

Very yummy, if you like sesame. It is so easy and was a hit with my kids. Definitely satisfies the sweet tooth if you do not require excessive sweetness. Made as per recipe instructions.

I had tahini cookies at Whole Foods last year and wNted to try to replicate them as they were divine: chewey and almost peanut buttery and Reminded me of  halava.  I made these with 2.5 cups of sugar and was pleased with the sweetness.  I tried mixing 1 egg into recipe and made 1 batch that way.   They were crumbly-  shortbread-like.  I added 2 more eggs to the remaining batter which made them more moist and sticky which seemed more correct for a cookie batter.  We actually like the flavor of the first batch better!  Next time I will try without any egg at all as written and also add more tahini to increase that flavor.

I made it with brown sugar 3 times and it turned out yumm all the times

I read this recipe and tried to make it exact but it wouldn't hold together until I put 3 eggs in the mixture. After that it went great. Perhaps when you saw the Bedouins making it you missed this part, but if they left eggs out , I happened to make it easier to deal with.

It tastes great!

Easy? Check. Delicious? Check!! Gonna be my  latest go-to recipe for cookies!!

I made this recipe (halved) with some "mystery butter" (tahini and ground sunflower seeds, sugar, salt) and brown sugar. The dough was like a peanut butter cookie or shortbread--slightly crumbly and moldable. I made 1 inch balls which I flattened with a fork. Baked on parchment at 350 F for 13 minutes and checked closely for one more minute. Allowed to cool on the pan for two minutes, then on a wire rack. The texture is quite delicate--very shortbread-like. They have a unique flavor because of the sesame seed base and there is a very slight bitter end taste. I would make them again as my husband and teenage son approved!

I had a cup of tahini in the fridge which I wanted to use up and was looking for a simple recipe. I did not have unsalted butter so I used salted. I didn't feel like rolling the dough into little balls but, instead, patted the dough out on a sheet pan, cut it into squares with a dough scraper, and baked it for about 20 minutes. I like the taste of these simple cookies because they are not too sweet.

