I really enjoyed this salad! It was my first time making an Israeli salad, and since I had some mint to use up, this was perfect!  I used about equal parts of tomato and cucumber since I didn't have 4 cucumbers.  I thought 2 cucumbers was a good ratio.  I also used half the black pepper (personal preference) and 1.5 tsp salt instead of 1 tbsp (that seemed like a lot!).  It was plenty salty with the reduced salt. I also don't think 1/2 cup of oil is necessary. Start with 1/4 cup and decide if you'd like more.  This salad creates a lot of liquid after it sits for a while.  I loved the hint of lemon and the parsley/mint combination. I'll be making this one again! With the tweaks I made, it's def a 5 star recipe.

Just add some radish and chopped onion with some fried flat bread and you have a lebanese fattoush salad

I only used 1 english cucumber but think could have used 2.  It was delicious and a few wanted the recipe which I sent to them.  Most said it was cool and refreshing.  I agree!!

It was very easy to make, i did used freeze dried mint, and cherry or grape tomatoes, going to make it again soon,

I had better flavors. One of the worst salad ever

Just delicious!  We don’t like bell peppers so substituted whatever pepper was ready from the garden.

The only thing that I'd recommend is to 1/2 the dressing. It seemed to be more like soup.

Super yummy - made as written with the exception of the amount of tomato and cucumber - using veggies from the garden so I used 4 cups cubed cucumbers and 4 cups of whole cherry tomatoes...  actually can’t wait to make another batch!

I just made this recipe and it is absolutely delicious and full of flavor. The only change I made was that I used 1/4 cup oil and half the recommended amount of salt. I'll be making this again.

Followed the recipe
Didn't like the dressing.
It tasted bitter.

I have made a similar salad for years, wanted to try a new version.  DH didn't like it, I didn't like it.

Excellent!  I left out the bell pepper (can't digest it anymore) and used heirloom tomato--tomato and cucumber were about equal quantity.  Better as it sits and creates more juice.

