I'm the one who submitted the recipe, and I have since made the fish on the stove top in a skillet.  I think it is much better, the sauce is much thicker and the fish more tender!  Give it a try!

There is a serious problem with this recipe that needs to be corrected.  200 degrees for an hour will not cook this fish, not even close.  I thought it seemed a bit strange but followed the recipe as stated. As they say, fool me once...  I actually served a dinner party of four (one, a chef) with warm, uncooked fish, bites were taken before we realized what had happened.  I had to pull the plates off the table, pan sear the fillets, and re-serve piles of fish, peppers and tomatoes.  Attractive presentation was long lost.  I also added a shake of chili powder on each, as the paprika sauce itself was a bit one-dimensional.  Please request to have this error fixed before others suffer the same embarrassment - to say nothing of the health implications....

I make this often. I add jalapeno peppers to the layer of tomato andred pepper.  I do cook @ 200 degress f for 3 hours covered and then brown up the top at 375f for 15-20 minutes uncovered. I also use much more cayenne pepper. I  feel you need to cook this long and at a low temp.

I was actually looking for a Shabbat fish dinner and came across this recipe! The only change I made to the ingredients was due to a lack of fresh tomatoes. I used canned diced tomatoes instead. I also baked for 30” @ 350 based on other reviews. Delicious smokey/spicy flavor! It has been added to my favorites list. Will serve over cous cous next time.

I made it following the recipe, and I really wish I had read the comments first!!
I finished it in a pan and it tasted good. Next time oven at 350F for 45 minutes.

My mother in law is also Moroccan and makes this dish for Shabbat.  Husband and I love this dish. Please post more recipes :)

So I loved this for my Shabbat dinner. I did take out the bouillon as its not Kosher but I substituted a Lebanese seven spices blend to keep the flavours balanced. I pan seared the fillets prior to baking for about a half hour at 350

Yes, the fish does not cook at 200 degrees Farenheit.  I think they meant 200. Degrees Celcius.  It should cod at around 350-375 Farenheit and it is a delicious, spicy dish.   My Moroccan  dinner guest was very impressed.

This is an EXCELLENT recipe, and SUPER simple to make! I used Swai fillets because thats  what I had. And instead of cayenne pepper I used garlic powder because my guys don't like spicy. I think the tomato is the centerpiece flavor in here. We LOVE this!

I followed this recipe but not the directions since they seemed off and the other comments agreed. I cooked mine in the oven sprayed dish with nonstick first at 350 for 45 min. Came out delicious!

I left out the tomatoes and I added cut carrots and garbanzo beans and also like 6 cloves of garlic and some sliced potatoes. I go to a friends every Friday night for Shabbat dinner and this is what her morrocan

