Excellent!  I followed the recipe as-is (except for the addition of a little bit of grated parmasian cheese), and the Bourekas turned out fantastically.  The cheese was perfectly melted, and the puff pastry was a yummy golden brown.  Great recipe.

My husband loved this but I wasn't crazy about it.  The pastry didn't cook all the way through and you couldn't taste and cheese or egg.

These were good.  I skipped the sesame seeds only because I'm not a fan.   I had a couple of mine split open, but that's because I'm not that experienced at working with dough/pastry.  Great appetizer to use up some leftover puff pastry.  Thanks

I would recommend making a lot of cheese mixture as it is really good. Puff pastry rises a lot and that can make it hard to eat as it is also flaky,  but very very delicious. Would recommend 10/10

Really good back recipe.I add some Za'atar seasoning for a more middle eastern taste.Use them for work.Everyone loved.them.

These were really good! I cut the recipe in half and they fit perfectly in my toaster oven.  I made these to serve along side a pasta dish.  They were really good dipped into some spaghetti sauce.  Very flaky on the outside and cheesy in the middle.  I left off the sesame seeds. Will make again!

These were delicious and surprisingly easy to make. I'm normally scared of any sort of pastry with filling, but these held together perfectly. Great recipe.

I made these for my mom's birthday and my family loved them! I accidentally grabbed filo dough instead  of puff pastry at the grocery store and used that instead. It worked and tasted really good!

These are really good and filling. A nice change of pace!

These were fantastic! I chose to make these for a school assignment, and I'm glad I did. The first time I made them, they were perfect. The second time, I messed up a bit, and they turned out dry (my fault though)

A terrific side dish! I actually didn't end up using all the cheese called for. The seasonings are great and they bake beautifully. As the directions specify: serve immediately! No advance baking on these I'm afraid... UPDATE: some tips on keeping these closed... the less cheese you use, the less likely they are to open; use a fork to "seal" the edges; time is of the essence when working with puff pastry - don't let the dough dry out! Allow the dough to defrost to the point of being manageable but make sure it stays soft/moist. If you need to let it sit out longer than you expected, cover it with seran wrap to keep air out.

