Needed a side dish to pair with our middle-eastern grilled chicken kebabs and wanted to use what we had on hand and found this. I really loved it but for my family,it was so-so because they're not much of a brown rice lover.  Made little changes such as using tri-colored lentils (green, brown, & yellow) and chicken broth instead of water.

1cup rice 1cup lentils 2 1/2 cup water? After 30 min rice was crunchy added another half cup water and simmered for remaining 15 min  still not tender added another half cup and continue to simmer also very salty had a great aroma

Simple and delicious! Recipe makes a lot, and is versatile enough to eat as a side, main or salad topper. My tee begged me to make it again a week later!

I was REALLY looking forward to this "bean"/brown rice dish! Despite all the onion,garlic, ginger and cumin, I found it blah in taste except for too much pepper. Not enough water or time to soften lentils or rice. After adding an additional 1.5 c of water and cooking an additional 30 minutes, the rice STILL was crunchy. In fairness, this was my first time with this recipe. My wife and I will make adjustments, such as curry instead of pepper, and give it another whirl.

Made this for the first time. Very good. Added some corn niblets for colour.

I loved this recipe! It was delicious. Super flavorful and easy to make.

I loved it! I have to add more water half way during cooking time, and I waited on the salt so family could add as desired.

Flavor was great but it definitely needed more liquid. I used about 3.5 cups total.  2 cups chicken broth and 1.5  water.  Also used 1/2 tsp ginger paste in place of fresh ginger.  Those adjustments and about 15 mins extra cook time resulted in a tasty dish!

I make it with bismatti rice. tastes great. Our very picky  son loves it.

Easy, tasty, but needs WAY more water as others have noted. I ended up adding 4 cups of water, possibly more (thus 4/5 stars). Also substituted spring onions which added a touch of green. Topped with roasted chicken, a yogurt-spice sauce and cilantro - even the kids went back for seconds, and my daughter raved about what a fantastic cook I am!

This is a very delicious, flavorful, and easy recipe. As others have noted, you must increase the liquid (I used 4+ cups of vegetable broth). I also doubled the cumin, added 1/2 tsp ground coriander, and a pinch of crushed pepper. This dish is a hit with kids and adults alike in my family; if too spicy for some, mix in a spoonful of plain yogurt

