I  gave this to all of my friends who are looking for a delicious crunchy veggie dish,  It is in  my refreigerator every week so when I am hungry, I just scoop up a bit and wow ...it is great.  Two fresh lemons and the jicama veggie are a MUST HAVE  I also add cilantro, salt and a touch of pepper. Because you use the English Cucumber and the plum tomatoes, it does not get soggy.

The taste was good, but as an Israeli girl I must say- NOT very authentic! We don't even have jicama in Israel! Let alone English cucumbers! The usual salad spices are black pepper, salt, lots of freshly squeezed lemon juice, and maybe chopped green onion or parsley. I recomment adding a couple of grated carrots.

I made this with left over super bowl beginning platter.  I do throw about a quarter of jalapeño in, chopped tiny!  Adds just enough kick without being overwhelming.

I used cherry tomatoes instead. Yummy! I will try it with cilantro next time:)

I had to use up some veggies so I used cherub and starburst baby tomatoes cut in half and the jicama. Green onion instead of red onion. Only had 2 tbl of fresh lemon so had to add 1 tbl bottled. Used dried basil instead of parsley.  Tasting the dressing, I added just a pinch of sugar.  Didn't have cucumber. Subbed quartered artichoke hearts.  Yummy!

This is a great salad!  I served it at a BBQ and will do so again, people liked the crunch and flavors.  It was many of their's first taste of jicama and I they enjoyed it for the most part.  I didn't have dried parsley and substituted dried basil, I'd consider adding fresh cilantro next time.

I had extra cucumbers and jicama on hand that I didn't know what to do with, this recipe was a perfect light, healthy use of those fresh ingredients. I did remove the seeds from the tomatoes before dicing them to keep it from getting too wet and mushy.

I fixed this as an experiment because it looked and sound good.  I had not tried jicama before because I didn't know anything about it.  I had a tossed salad ready just in case we didn't like this, but my hubby and I both loved it.  I did leave out the onion because I'm not a big fan of raw onion and I added a little bit of a special family recipe oil and vinegar dressing to it after I had eaten some because I like things a bit spicy.  I thought my friend would like it and I gave her a copy several days ago.  Last night she gave a large dinner party for about 15 to 20  people and this salad was featured.  I think everyone was raving about how delicious it was, and I think my friend and her daughter followed the recipe to the letter except:  they used both red and yellow peppers, which added more color, and left out the onion.  And, as several other reviewers commented, the dish is even better the 2nd day.  Thanks for a great recipe for fresh delicious food.

very little flavor to the dressing, and I didn't like the jicama at all. It didn't have a flavor, and was tough and almost inedible even after peeling. Was looking for a healthy alternative to the usual salad or veggie tray, but I think next time I'll stick with the veggie tray....

This is a very fresh tasting summery salad.  The jicama is a nice change of pace from all the usual vegetables.  I don't think you really need to add the oil or the parsley.  Next time I will try coarse sea salt instead of the regular which I think drains the tomatoes.

meh

