Everyone at my house loves this recipe, especially the children and all of their friends.  I did change the batter recipe a bit though, I added 1/2 teaspoon of cinnamon and 1 tablespoon of vanilla.  Be sure to dust both sides of the apple with the cinnamon and sugar immediately after removing from oil

This was pretty yummy.  It wasn't crunchy like I expected but maybe I needed to fry it longer.  We only used have the apples before we ran out of batter.  That could have been from putting too much on each or having too many slices.  Tasty.

good but not crunchy at all.

Yummy. My daughter put excessive sugar and cinnamon on them but they were good! I would’ve liked them to stay crispier. Maybe if I sliced them thinner.

cut back on the milk and added sour cream.  yummy

I made this for the family today for the first time and they really loved it.  The batter probably could of used a bit of umph but couldn't complain.  We didn't have Granny Smiths but Pink Lady's did fine. We tried using large chunks of bananas with the batter too and it worked out great.

Very good but the batter is a little bland even with the cinnamon and vanilla added. So we mixed up a powdered sugar glaze to drizzle over them after frying and sprinkled with the cinnamon & sugar and it made them wonderful!!

I'm glad I scaled this recipe back when I tried it, because my son and I really didn't enjoy these.  Even with a little vanilla in the batter and served with cinnamon these were pretty bland.

Very delcious! My younger brothers loved it, and they normally don't eat things like this. I did have to add a little more flour, and i cooked them in butter, not oil.

This is so yummy!!! Tastes like 'tiger ears' with apples in the middle of them! We have the tiger ears at the state fair every year...but only once a year! So, it's exciting to have this recipe avaliable to make whenever!!!

These were good.  I did add vanilla and apple pie spice to the batter.  Eat right away, not as good after they cool.  My 3 yr old liked them a lot.

