This is one of our favourite recipes.  We have been making it for years.  I brown the shanks and then place in slow cooker.  I cook veg and sauce until boiling and then poured ontop of shanks.  I cook on low for 7 hours (or high for 4 hours.)  So tender! I then remove shanks and thicken sauce with a water/cornstarch mixture.  Yummy!!!!

There's nothing terribly wrong with the recipe, but on the whole it was a little thin and boring.  I halved the lamb and kept the veggies the same, and it still didn't have enough substance.  For braised meats, I've never felt that side dishes should be a necessity, but they are in this cause since you have a lot of thin sauce and very few veggies--overall, I felt it should've been more stew-like.  My suggestions are to double the carrots, add a turnip or two, a rutabega, and two potatoes.  It'll be a much heartier dish.  I would also replace the chicken broth with beef only, doubling the amount and halving the wine (since the wine is just flavour, it is wasteful to use a whole bottle).  Another addition might be to add a dark beer (a porter, perhaps) instead of the wine.

Good flavor. Hope it is better on day 2.From the other comments, it seems like the size of lamb shanks vary. I made four instead of six and adjusted the liquids accordingly. I also added a corn starch slurry, and that helped a lot, in addition to  cooking down the sauce. What I will definitely do next time is use a spice pouch or bag so that I don't have to strain the sauce at all. Last thing added was some orange zest to brighten up the sauce at the end.Thank you for a great recipe!

Restaurant quality!!  Everyone was blown away by how delicious this was.  The only thing I did differently was add a little cornstarch slurry to the pot at the end to help thicken the sauce.

Overall a good recipe. I made the lamb shanks with one cup of wine. Seasoned with Salt and pepper, seared them first. No broth. Add Fire roasted tomatoes. Tomato paste. Herbs. Lots of fresh garlic. Onions.  Dried apricots. No broth. Carrots. Water. Cooked on a pressure cooker for one hour. Added the carrots and dried apricots. Cooked an additional half hour.  Topped off with fresh parsley. They were tender and delicious.Served with orzo risotto.

Great recipe.  Broth is delicious.

I didn’t have any Tyme but it was delicious anyway

I only had 4 lamb shanks so I adjusted the ingredient amounts in proportion. Otherwise, I followed the recipe as written. The lamb was very tender and flavorful. I served with polenta, but had a lot of sauce leftover.  This could have been cook's error when reducing sauce though.  Very good overall and will make again.

I made the recipe as is and it was absolutely amazing! I took the time to slowly reduce the sauce for about an hour after taking the lamb out. It became thick and incredible.

Fantastic recipe! Really easy to modify too. For example, I found using 1/4 the bottle of wine and then drinking the rest was a great value add. Also added some cinnamon, lemon zest, black vinegar, and exclusively used beef broth (and significantly less than called for). It turned out amazing!

Great recipe. Love the flavour. I strained some of the liquid and boiled it down for a few minutes and then thickened it with a cornstarch slurry.   The sauce becomes a gravy consistency and pour over the lamb and mash potatoes. Also used on pasta.

