looked at this and some things missing .... use a onion and 5 cloves of garlic  blend them up to a paste.  Add a pound of ground pork  and use parmesan reggiano   If the onion will not blend add some stock till in does.. you can put the spices onion and garlic a little fry in olive oil brfore blendin if you feel like cleaning another pan no water in meatballs the onion and garlic add the moisture

I grew up with two Italian grandmother who always used1/3 ground beef, 1/3 ground pork,  1/3 ground veal, and used stale italian bread, instead a bread crumbs. I have had beef meatballs. They are not good. If you are making your own 'gravy', put the cooked meatballs into the gravy and let simmer.

I haven’t tried these, but I know I won’t like them, ever since I started eating my mum’s meat patties (I’m 72 now) I couldn’t enjoy them, I tried making meatballs when I was older, the same taste was there, and I had no idea why. Around twenty years ago I was watching a cookery programme, the chef stated that, if you find you don’t like savoury mince dishes, omit the eggs, and try using something else to bind the meat, because it’s the egg whites which impart that flavour. I was dumbfounded, I so wanted to enjoy meatballs!! I used two egg yolks for each whole egg…I can now enjoy meatballs and meatloaf

Very good meatballs. Made a few changes. I used 1C. crackers with 2tsp. Italian spices, we don’t eat bread. Didn’t have fresh parsley so I used 2 tsp dried, could have used 3.Baked for 30 minutes, turned them over, left them in the oven and shut off the oven until everything else was done.Definitely a keeper!

I make a similar version, but to make it even easier during the week, I put the meatballs in a muffin tin and cook it in the toaster oven.  I also agree with others that a mixture of pork, veal and beef is preferable to all beef.  I use diced onion and garlic rather than the powders and a little italian seasoning.

Great recipe.  Very tender and flavorful meatballs.  Made for first time and I utilized some of the comments to tweak to flavors we like.  Made two pounds, 1lb beef, 1lb pork.  Adjusted the ingredients accordingly, going a bit heavy on the salt and cheese.   I also added half a chopped onion, two cloves of minced garlic and swapped milk for the water.   Appreciate the good and not so good reviews so I could adjust and be successful.  I have found the reviews very helpful on all All Recipes recipes.   Thanks a bunch!

Made a double batch of this. Very yummy. I think in the future I'll need to add more salt to help enhance the flavors a little more, but this one is a keeper!

The beautiful pictures of the meatballs got me interested to give them a try.  I made them and think something I inadvertently did helped to make them so light.  It is I added egg and water and let it all absorb. Then I added 1 lb ground turkey and 1 lb ground pork. That sat in the bowl 2 hrs in the frigid.  I added lots of fresh minced garlic, and had fresh grated reggiano Parmesan so I used it. .  Wow! Had a friend over and my husband and friend agreed this was the very best meatball ever.   I agree

Simply put...  the perfect go to meatball. Excellent and a well "rounded" recipe.  Lol. For a kick, add some spicy breakfast sausage.  Thank you for this simple recipe,  like grandma made.

I rarely provide negative comments on a recipe. Followed recipe exactly as posted. But I must confess, this was a major disappointment.  Will be going back to my "tried & true" meatball recipe.

Great taste but I made a mistake. I used 1lb of ground 70/30 beef and 1/2lb ground mild Italian sausage. Other than those changes to the recipe I kept it the same. They came out a little greasy but moist. Next time I will use a 80/20 ground beef or less italian sausage. I recommend these meatballs for making in large batches and freezing.

