The video was very helpful, especially for knowing how long to whip the eggs. I didn't have any coffee liqueur so I added espresso instant coffee (Cafe Bustelo). The one issue I had: my 8 inch cake pan wasn't as deep as Chef John's; I narrowly avoided overflow. It wasn't the prettiest torte, but it was delicious! I highly recommend!

Amazing! I made this for a friend for her birthday and it was a huge hit! It was relatively simple to make. I made as written but subbed bourbon cream liquor in place of coffee liquor. This will definitely be on the list for all of the chocolate lovers in my life including myself. Thanks, Chef John!

Totally inspired recipe. I adapted it to make a 2-layer torte with raspberry filling (full recipe at Food52 "double-layer chocolate torte").

Loved this recipe - added a little more cayenne and guests thought this was superb.  Suggestion - enjoy with a big heavy red wine if you enjoy wine.

The video was very helpful, especially for knowing how long to whip the eggs. I didn't have any coffee liqueur so I added espresso instant coffee (Cafe Bustelo). The one issue I had: my 8 inch cake pan wasn't as deep as Chef John's; I narrowly avoided overflow. It wasn't the prettiest torte, but it was delicious! I highly recommend!

Gave it 5 Stars because the cake was amazing and the one step egg whipping is such a work/time saver.However, how flourless is a "Flourless Chocolate Torte" when step one is to butter and flour a pan? Silly Chef John! LOLI used cocoa powder instead to prepare the pan by running it around the inside, around the inside...of a well buttered and papered cake pan and it worked great and maintained the rich chocolatey color as well.Made my wheat allergic Valentine's sweetie very happy.

Made for a wonderful Valentines Day dessert. I followed the recipe other than adding a bit of almond extract. Rich and delicious!

Chose to separate my eggs and fold in the egg whites.  Pretty much the same results.  Easy to make and very rich and decadent!

