This is a good recipe.... I made a few modifications - I used 16 dry-packed sun-dried tomatoes instead of oil-packed (soaked them in boiling water for 3-5 minutes and then coarsely chopped) and added a handful of toasted pine nuts (omitted red pepper flakes though). Very easy and tasty.  I used half of a 270mL basil Classico pesto, if that helps anyone. :)

I always want to rate the recipe as it is presented.  I believe the amount of pesto sauce should be doubled/tripled.  With that being said, I made my own pesto sauce and it was wonderful.  Great idea to add chicken & sundried tomatoes.

I used 4 chicken breasts and poured in entire jar of California Sun Dry, Sun-Dried Tomatoes in Oil with Herbs, Julienne Cut, 8.5 oz and entire jar of Classico Signature Recipes Traditional Basil Pesto Sauce & Spread, 8.1 oz.

Made as directed. But used a protein based low carb pasta, chicken thighs (better flavor for us) that were seasoned with Italian seasoning and a little rosemary.  Added an entire 8 oz jar of julienned sun dried tomatoes & the oil  and 8oz of pesto. Topped with parm...will be adding to my regular rotation.

I added a little more garlic, red pepper flakes and olive oil , delicious!

Delicious! I only used 1 chicken breast as I am not a big meat eater. I also added 2 big handfuls of spicy and bitter mixed greens like arugula, mustard greens etc. and let them wilt a bit. Yummy!

Very good recipe. I only used 8 oz of pasta, but I used homemade fusilli pasta. It held the sauce nicely. I also used freshly homemade pesto with 2 chicken breasts and the sun dried tomatoes. Great use of excess basil. Will definitely be making again.

family favorite.  quick and easy

Didn't have bowtie pasta, used fettuccine noodles. Only had a teaspoon of dried tomatoes so added cut cherry tomatoes. It's lovely 🌹

Yummy and near perfect! I tried this with macaroni and I do feel it would be improved with either penne, farfalle, or possibly shells. The only edit I may suggest would be adding less pesto. It'd make this lighter and it really doesn't need as much as it calls for, unless you're a real big pesto lover. To me personally, it was bordering on too much at 1/3 cup.

Seasoned chicken with seasoning salt instead of red pepper flakes and used whole container of cherry tomatoes instead of sundried.

