I've made this a few times, and the recipe as written is incredibly good -- but I did find a way to make it a bit more healthy and a LOT easier:  use a very large nonstick pan and coat it with a healthy spray of olive oil flavored Pam spray (or similar).  Over high heat, put the zucchini in a single layer (VERY important) in the pan and cook until deep brown (it took me about 7 minutes for the first side and about 5 for the second).  All stoves are different, so just keep an eye on it until you get the hang of it.  Before flipping, give the uncooked sides another spray of the Pam.  After all batches are done, proceed as described in the recipe.The results from this method are indistinguishable from deep frying, but your gall bladder and your butt will thank you :)Second Pro Tip:  use a bit of pesto instead of the basil leaves.  It's amazing!

Overly complicated and greesy. You could roast the zucchini and make a zucchini pesto more easily and it would be better.

I air fried the courgettes. Not greasy at all. Added half a clove of garlic. All Parmesan is not equal. I went for the most expensive pecorino and parmigiana in waitrose I think it was DOP.  Would have it again. I also sense that the quality of the courgette is also important.

Wonderful dish! I forgot the garlic and will add the next time I make it. And yes, there will be many more next times! ☺️

I bought a deep-fryer just to make this recipe. Big mistake. Followed recipe exactly, the resulting pasta dish tasted like greasy zucchini. Could not finish it.

This was amazing, how something as simple as zucchini can be transformed with this technique, my favorite recipe from now on!I season it with some slivered and toasted almonds to give it a little texture.I used pappardelle, which was what I had on hand, but it is still delicious, thanks for this gem of a recipe.

For those who changed it up and then said it wasn't that good - well you missed out.  I had the real deal in Italy, and it is absolutely one of the best things I ever tasted. I bought the Provolone del Monaco cheese while I was there just to recreate this dish at home. Don't change a thing (although you might have to substitute a different cheese) because there is magic in how you fry the zucchini and put it all together.

As a fellow chef, I totally agree with you on the deep-frying aspect of this recipe. And as is - the way you have done it just doesn't come out as satisfying as Stanley would have you believe.  But I fixed it by grilling the zucchini lightly tossed in olive oil on a gas BBQ until browned similar to the deep fry method - it is 1000 times better. My 4yo and 7yo agreed - so, hard to argue with that!

Excellent. I was prepared to say this just wasn’t all that - because honestly, how could it be? Zucchini? Really? But I am delighted to confirm that this is, indeed, a surprisingly tasty pasta. It’s not a difficult recipe - but it is a little time consuming, having to fry in batches and wait until the next day. But there is some sort of alchemy at work here that transforms the sauce into something creamy and rich - and absolutely worth the effort. I’ll make this again.

What a waste of time, energy and fresh zucchini.  I regret my time and the ingredients all wasted.

“Life changing”? Hardly. Prepared as directed. It is a decent and even a nice change of pace as far as pasta goes, but  “the best thing I have ever eaten”? Not even close. The juice is not worth the squeeze.

