My husbands absolute favorite thing to eat is lasagna and I've been looking for an easy to make lasagna recipe- paticularly one where I didn't have to boil the noodles and one I could use store bought sauce. He's a pretty tough lasagna critic and he liked it alot. This was so easy to make and I'm glad I finally found an easy recipe to satisfy my husband's lasagna needs. The only change I made to the recipe was using ricotta cheese instead of cottage cheese- it turned out great!

This was a complete disaster for me.  Followed the recipe exactly and ended up with a soupy mess. 1 hour before serving dinner to 25 people I had to scramble to find something else to serve.

This is a great recipe for a quick lasagna pasta night. I use a beef/pork combo, an extra nice jar of pasta sauce, and include a little more variety of cheese using an Italian mix. Don't ever add the water and it's perfect, don't need the water with the oven ready noodles! :)

I tried this but very soupy. I made it again and didn't add the water around outside edges and it was perfect!!!

Good but somewhat soupy

When I saw the cottage cheese in this recipe, I wasn't sure if I'd like it.  Actually, I found it much better than using ricotta cheese.  It is an easy recipe and VERY GOOD!!!

I haven’t made lasagna in a long time. I will layer the lasagna with the noodles first for the next time so I can have more sauce on top.  It was good.

My family loved it! I used ricotta cheese instead of cottage cheese and added zucchini

It was so easy and my whole family loved it. Even my 6 yr old grandson ,who doesn’t like anything !,,

My family LOVED IT!!! I did substitute dried parsley for fresh.But' THIS recipe was fun an delicious. When we'd ate all we could eat, I sliced rest into squares and froze them, for quick meals ANY TIME.

I love it and so does my sweetie! I pared it down for 2 people & allowing for leftovers. I used a combination of 1/2 ground beef & 1/2 sweet sausage. Otherwise, stuck to your recipe.

