Very easy to make and the spices are just right.  I used all pork the first time and made pattys with a burger press (about 14 pattys).  Hubby loves this recipe, but since he is a hunter, he is looking forward to a venison version, so stay tuned for the update.  His gun is ready and waiting! Thanks Michellegambel, I love the spice combination you developed!  :-)

I didn't care for this recipe. The basil is overpowering. I would however, increase the brown sugar, thyme and oregano. I used the auto adjust button to reduce the recipe to 4 serving sizes to accommodate the 1 lb of pork I had to use, and those ingredients translated down to just a pinch each, not enough to make a difference in the recipe, whether for the original serving size or not.

LOVED THIS! We like sweet Italian sausage on pizza. We had a tube of Bob Evans regular sausage and used that. I adjusted the ingredients down. I used the basil but reduced it slightly. I Skipped the oregano and thyme, replaced that with the same amount of Italian seasoning. I followed the rest of measurements to the letter. I put all dry spices in bowl & mixed. I then added the red wine vinegar, mixed. It was almost like a paste. We added the mixture to the meat as it was cooking. It smelled and tasted great!

Had already started cooking some ground turkey in my slow cooker, when I thought to look this up and try it. I just mixed it all into the meat.  Thrilled to say it came out so much better than I hoped! I made this to be part of  the "OG Zuppa " recipe i got from here, and it will now be a permanent part of that recipe for me!  Thank you!

We LOVED it!  It will work good on our homemade pizza!  I didn't have any parsley, and we didn't miss it.

I use this often and double or triple as we have a seemingly endless supply of wild pork these days.  I lightly toast my fennel seeds before grinding it with a mortar and pestle; I don't add the red pepper flakes because of heartburn.  I let everything meld in the fridge overnight before freezing in 1 lb. pkgs.  Love this recipe!

I use the ingredients I have on hand, and it is simple to make it "hot" or "sweet".  I have used this recipe countless times...sometime with just pork, and many times with ground pork, turkey, chicken. I LOVE it! I rarely add the brown sugar or the red wine vinegar, and it is delicious.    I use it for patties, meat sauce, pizza topping...whatever!Make it YOURS!

made with ground chickennicedelicious

A quarter teaspoon of brown sugar to three pounds of ground pork?  Are these measurements really as intended?

Very washed out flavour.  Made this as a test batch and was very disappointed in the flavour

Cannot be beat this. So many different preferred tastes in family. This takes care of all. Plus, big money-saver if you purchase meat grinder.

