This is a wonderful classic recipe! After reading some of the reviews I followed their advice and put the seasonings and flour in a bag to coat the chicken.  I used all marsala wine for the sauce and doubled the amount of mushrooms.  I removed the chicken from the pan while making the sauce and added a little half and half to it to make it creamy - it turned out great.  I have made this three times now and have finally got around to reviewing it. This is a definite keeper!

This was good but not great.  I'm terrible at flattening meat and poultry so I didn't bother.  I didn't add mushrooms either as my fiance hates them.  The chicken was tender and flavor pretty good but I like the marsala dishes more from my favorite Italian restaurant.  My fiance was neutral on this.  I doubt I'll make it again.

Made the recipe as stated only change was added some garlic either to the flour or after its done to the mushrooms.  I did add heavy cream but really didnt make a difference.  Have made this many times as I a trained chef.

Similar idea to what one of my mum's (yes Italian) traditional recipes. I didn't have sherry or the Marsala wine and just used a dry white. Quick and easy recipe that leaves you wishing you'd made more!

I sautéed the mushrooms first and it made the texture nice.  Maybe cook the shrooms with lid off to get rid of some alcohol and needed a little more salt

I should have sautéed the mushrooms. This recipe basically has you boil them in the sauce and the mushrooms were a little hard and not flavorful. Overall the dish was bland. The chicken was tender though.

added more mushrooms and marsala...served with angel hair pasta salad and Italian garlic bread

Perfect authentic recipe ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

This recipe is delicious as is. It's one of my family's favorites

Very tender chicken. Next time I will reduce the fat amount as well as the wines. The fam loved it.

Made it exactly as the directions said and it turned out great!!  Rivaled restaurant chicken marsala.  I have made it several times.

