This was a fairly easy recipe to make. However, it barely fed 2 adults and 2 small kids so I would plus it up some for larger families. The flavor was very good, even my grandson loved it and he doesn't like anything!

I was nervous that the cream would separate because of being cooked for so long and it did. I had to whisk the sauce to make it smooth. The chicken was tender but that was the best part of the dish.

This is so easy and absolutely delish.   I followed the recipe exactly, except we used two chicken breasts - I wanted the extra "sauce".  I also did the cornstarch slurry in with the cream before adding it to the slow cooker.  BF stated "this is a high-quality restaurant meal" and asked for it to be on a regular rotation.  I also cooked it on high for 3.5 hours - and the chicken just fell apart.  Yummy!

Always a hit

I mostly made this as specified. I used about 1lb 4oz chicken trimmed of fat. I did add a full pint of cream. I did put the water and cornstarch in at the beginning. All of that worked out fine but the 6 hours was too much. It was practically mush. Tasted fine but next time I’ll do five hours. Overall I’m very pleased with the recipe.

I did not remove the chicken to a serving platter. Simply added more than 2 cups of spinach. Did not bother with the cornstarch. Could have added a lot more spinach. Served over brown rice with a green salad. It was delicious!

amazingly delicious, only substitution was used 1/2 chicken thighs and 1/2 chicken breasts. Also added homemade chicken stock.  Rave reviews, even from the grandkids (highly unusual).  Will be made again, only in larger quantity so I don't have to cook so often!

This was easy to prepare and delicious. I follow the recipe omitting the red pepper flakes because we don't like anything spicy and turn out great. I did add the flour at the end. For sure I'll make it again.

This recipe is awesome!  Didn't change a thing except I add the cornstarch/water just before turning the slow cooker on. That way the sauce is just right when it is done. I also don't pull the chicken out when adding the spinach. I just add it in towards the end and let everything simmer a little bit.

I was so intrigued after reading over these delicious looking ingredients, that I decided to make it for guests without initially taste testing  the recipe myself.  Results?  4 adults and their taste buds raved!  Tuscany in my kitchen!The only change I needed to make was in using Cayenne Pepper, (must use half the amount), as I did not have red pepper flakes on hand.Since I had two layers of the thighs in my slow cooker, I decided to divide half of the seasonings over each layer to distribute the flavor.I had never cooked with those olives before and was pleasantly surprised that they held up so beautifully.I used GF four on hand in place of the cornstarch, and served the meal over GF al dente white rice spaghetti - I do agree that it serves 4 hungry adults nicely, not 6.  (I decided to forgo appetizers because the ingredients looked rich enough).My "Honey" only enjoys chicken breasts - but no complaints about these chicken thighs - yay!Kudos to the Allrecipes creators!!

