In order to get that beautiful, creamy consistency a good risotto is so noted for, I found 15-20 minutes of cooking time was not nearly long enough.  The simmering broth must be added little by little, cooked and stirred till it's absorbed, then repeating this step, ladle by ladle of broth, until the risotto is tender but not mushy, the broth is absorbed, and the starches break down resulting in creamy risotto - however long that takes. In my case, it probably took twice as long as the recipe directed, but then I cooked this at moderate heat in order to release the starches slowly.  The end result was a creamy risotto with great flavor, the perfect complement to the pork piccata I served it with.

Very bland, and WAY too many mushrooms.  Would be A LOT better with a couple of caramelized onions.

Not enough flavour  ... followed recipe as is

I have made this recipe more than a few times and it is just amazing!  And so true on not short-changing on the fresh parmesan.  I sometimes make it half grana padana and half parmesan.  Tastes wonderfulboth ways!

Pretty good recipe...WAY too many mushrooms though. I would honestly cut the amount of mushrooms in 1/2 or 3/4. I also added more parmesan.

Loved it as the recipe called for. The next time swapped out some mushroom and added pan seared chicken pieces. Both ways were fabulous 👌

This was my first attempt at risotto and it was very easy to make. The taste was fantastic, a big hit at dinner!

Made pretty much as the recipe called for, minus not having 2 types of mushrooms and not having as much as it called for.  Wish I did!  Just a box of brown baby bella's.  Also used yellow onion as it's all I had.  Cut down on the butter as well.  Delicious!!

Recipe is good except for the mushrooms. In Italy a wide variety are cultivated or picked. In N America use lobster,  pine, lions mane etc. Does anybody still use white mushrooms other than for stock.

This recipe is wonderful.  I don’t think we have ever used the full 2 lbs of mushroom but it is simple and delicious.  Take your time and enjoy!

I have made this many times and it’s been a hit with every person. Sometimes I use less mushrooms - sometimes the whole lot. It’s even great without parmesan (I’m dairy free). Thanks for this winner!

