They ARE the best meatballs, even though I use all beef most of the time. I don't fry, b/c I am too impatient, and the meatballs break up more that way. I scoop them out with a spoon, roll them in my hands, and bake on a cake rack in the oven over a foil-lined cookie sheet. This way, they brown nicely, excess fat is drained off, and they can go right into sauce, or, in our family, meatball hoagies, along with sauteed onions and peppers. They also freeze very well when baked this way. When I take these to parties, I always get requests for the recipe.

There is nothing I hate more than to get a mediocre or worse review from people who do not follow the recipe as written, and then judge YOU on it. I followed this to a "T" even though my experience as a chef was telling me not to. Too much cheese. Not enough garlic. And "salt and pepper to taste" is a personal pet peeve. If you are going to post a recipe, include all the measurements, or be prepared to take your lumps. This recipe is good enough to avoid disaster, but DO NOT FRY. They stick to the pan and melt away when you add them to the gravy(tomato sauce). Instead, bake them for about 35 minutes at 350. Then, put them in the gravy for the last hour or two. Replace half the cheese with more breadcrumbs. Less mess, healthier and easier.

I love these and I couldn't quit eating them with come garlic knots from Papa Johns pizza and Primal Kitchen Vodka sauce. I'll probably add some pasta later though. I cooked mine in the pan 3/4 of the way then baked them for 20 minutes in the oven at 350 degrees. I wasn't sure about adding the water but it works and they are perfect!

I didn't add the water at the end.  They turned out great and didn't fall apart while I was browning. Added to sauce and everyone was happy.

I made these today! I did do a few things differently. I used all ground beef. I only added 1 c of milk and no cheese.I read a lot of reviews and several said when frying in olive oil on the stovetop they wanted to fall apart. I liked the idea of cooking in olive oil but didnt want them falling apart so here is my idea…. I put about 1/4 c of olive oil on my baking sheet. Put in the oven to heat the oil then placed the meatballs on the pan and baked! They were wonderful!!! Did not fall apart and were delicious! I then drained them on paper towels and added to my sauce and let simmer for about an hour!  Everyone loved them!

This is a great recipe. The only thing I did different is I baked them for a half hour first just so they don't fall apart. Then I fried them just enough for a crisp outside. They are less mushy this way and they don't crumble. Delishous!

I really like it !!

They were great--but just a tad too mushy maybe!

So easy to put together. Baked to perfection. I gotta “good dinner” from DH. That doesn’t happen often. Thanks for making me look good.

I'vw been using this receipe for ages.  It's sooooo good! My family loves it!

Delicious!I adapted the recipe a little bit but taste was still spot on, approved by the entire family! 👏👏

