I was leary of making this without first pre-cooking the meatballs, but this is by far the best spaghetti and meatballs I have ever made.  The meatballs ended up a nice brown color, they were not over cooked and I think putting them in before browning allowed some of the meat flavor to seep into the sauce.  I great recipe.

The sauce was way too sweet.  It was also a bit bland.  I tried it again without the onion and sugar, and added some oregano and a bay leaf and it was much better.

yummy in my tummy scrumptious yummity

I tried to make the sauce exactly as the recipe called for, but I had no bay leaf and no basil.  Because I was only cooking for 2, I halved the recipe and used 1/8 teaspoon of Italian seasoning for the bay leaf then added a 1/2 teaspoon again for the basil.  I also used diced tomatoes because I don’t like the way whole ones cook down.  This is now my favorite spaghetti sauce and it is worth the time to make it!

One of my favorite go to sauces, I do cut the sugar to less than a teaspoon, use my own turkey meatball recipe and usually add some italian chicken sausage.    I freeze 1/2 so it can be used as a quick meal after a long day at work.

Nice easy recipe.  Tasty.

easy and good

Loved this. Changed a few things. Two tins of chop tomatoes (I recommend Mutti), cook for 30 mins max not 90 as that’s why people complained about lack of flavour. You cook out the flavour of salt and herbs if you simmer for 90 minutes and again for 20 also why some said too sweet. Brown sugar instead as I had it. 1 tsp of oregano. 2 bay leaves maybe 3 if not fresh ones. (I used fresh off my tree) Drop the raw meatballs in and cover with sauce and put a lid on and bring to a high simmer and then put a lid on a turn it down low/medium and do not remove the lid again until 20 minutes. The meatballs came out perfectly cooked and soft. Me, Kids and husband loved it. I can’t comment on the meatballs as I bought sainsburys organic ones as only slightly more than a pack of mince and less time wasted.

I found the meatballs to be dry and hard, and the sauce to be bland. I did not enjoy this recipe and won’t make it again!

Loved this recipe!  I did brown my meatballs a little then finished cooking them in the sauce.  I did add 1/2 tsp red pepper flakes.

The absolute best spaghetti and meatballs I have ever had.

