Definitely a hit... and I thought the leftovers tasted even better!  However, I substituted the mozz and parm with a full bag of the pre-grated Italian Mix Cheese made by Sargento.  Then added one additional cup of mozz.  Instead of just salt, pepper and parsley, I used garlic salt, parsley, oregano, sweet basil and onion.  YUM!  The filling made enough for an entire box of manicotti noodles.  Hint:  Only pre-cook the noodles until they are slighty tender, the sauces and cheeses assist in cooking it the rest of the way.  And, to fill, try using a pastry bag!  Took me less than 5 minutes to prepare after I precooked the noodles.  A keeper.

Good, but not quite what I was looking for...

Fantastic recipe - but I did put about twice as much filling  into each piece of manicotti pasta. 3 tablespoons just seems like it wouldn’t be enough. Even my picky kids liked this recipe!

Really good recipe. Thank you. I sautéed some very fine diced onions and 4 cloves of garlic and then let it cool. I added it to the ricotta mixture with some fresh chopped basil.  I also boiled an 8oz lobster tail and chopped it up and added to mixture. Lastly, I added some heavy whipping cream to my sauce and then baked everything per the recipe.  Outstanding!

I would have NEVER thought about not cooking the Manicotti prior to baking...but I decided to give it a go..... my dinner came out PERFECT!!!! ( you just need to make sure your manicotti is completely covered in sauce). Thank you Chef Cosmo....you made a believer out of me!! :)

Made this recipe by using it as a basis. My box of manicotti was larger so I made it work by adjusting some of the other ingredients. I used a larger ricotta, and increased my mozzarella and parmesan- still used 2 eggs and parsley, salt/pepper to taste. I did need to jars of sauce because of the extra manicotti. It was absolutely delicious. Aaaand we are a house of only 2 adults, so I made this into 2 pans and froze one. We have dinner/leftover lunch twice now and are happy about it!Next time I will follow the recipe exact, but I do plan on adding some frozen chopped spinach and maybe a lil garlic to the filling.Really, really good recipe!

All I can say is yummy my family loved loved this meal.

HINT: You do NOT need to boil the pasta shells prior to stuffing!!! Simply stuff them straight out of the box and make sure they are immersed in sauce while cooking. They will turn out perfect!

Learned quickly that el dente is WAY less time than 10 minutes. More like 3-4. It was a messy DISASTER! The noodles all split and there wasn’t enough filling. I would suggest making TWICE the filling.

What kind of stupid guidelines do you have? I gave my opinion as an Italian chef who had made this over 100 times. Every other format raved at my suggestion to not cook before stuffing. Even Giada complimented me. What could possibly be wrong with this comment? You want your members to have a hard time trying to make this? Unreal. How about a response?Bad, bad, bad! Never cook the pasta BEFORE STUFFING. Stuff it first and add extra liquid like water or wine, cover and cook.GL, Chef Cosmo

I used a generic marinara sauce, but followed the recipe exactly otherwise. It was delicious!

