Fabulous! I use beer instead of wine, olive oil instead of butter, and  a yellow pepper instead of green. I serve this in rolls and it's a family favorite.

Very good. I followed the suggestion of another reviewer and added a can of crushed tomatoes (14.5 oz).

Here is the sum of deviations. First, while the sausage is cooking in the skillet, I put the crushed tomatoes in a dutch oven on low. Then when I sliced up the sausage, I added it to the dutch oven.

I then did the onions and the garlic, using olive oil instead of butter. Instead of wine, I used an equal amount of beer. At the step where the peppers and onions are tender, I emptied the skillet into the dutch oven, and let everything simmer on low for 1 hour. 

The last change was that the sauce was a bit loose, so a tablespoon of cornstarch mixed with a tablespoon of water, then added in with everything else. 15 minutes later, done.

So easy to create, I make it almost every week now.

Saw this in a video where a drum tech had some as part of a catering spread at a venue he was working at so I had to try it. Turned out great and this will definitely be in the rotation of food options from now on.

Absolutely one of the house hold favorites! As a side I did canned sliced potatoes!

Top notchSo far only change is the same as other reviewsCrushed or diced tomatoes and penne when I don’t have rollsSausage from BJs Wesley farms brand a must…..No wine (friend with food allergies, instead deglaze with water)Made whole tray for wife’s 40thAnd everyone asked “who made it?”Makes you feel like a rock star!!!!

This is REALLY GOOD! I didn’t have high expectations but I was pleasantly surprised and before they were even done eating my family was asking when I was going make this again LOL the only changes I made were to add all the peppers and onions together at the same time and cook them until they were almost carmelized and I added some chicken broth during the simmering process.

A few variations. I added a drained 14.5 oz can of diced tomatoes. Also, 1.5 tbls tomato paste. I like the added bite from the acid in the tomato paste.

Delicious! Served this with red beans and rice and biscuits. So good!

This was very good, but the directions from the video were much better

Because I'm not crazy about oregano, I cut that in half. Also used half sweet Italian and half hot Italian sausages. My family absolutely loved this!!

