This recipe was very easy and tasty.  It's a really hearty sauce and next time I'll add sauteed mushrooms.  I'll certainly make it again!!

This would be a great recipe if you left the peppers out.  Otherwise it is perfect

Added red pepper flakes and white sugar to cut the acid. Super yummy!

Delicious i used ground turkey and did add some chicken broth came out perfect

I liked it and I have made a couple of times. Each time I make it, it taste better and better. That's because I make it to my liking. I add all the ingredients, however I add more seasonings and sugar. To me the sugar cuts that acidic taste (my own preference). I also add a dry seasoning spaghetti pack from Kroger's, and garlic and onion powder. Both gives my recipes that extra little kick. This recipe at least pointed me in the right direction.  The OTC sauces no longer tasted good to me anymore. These companies are changing up a lot of things to save money.  Oh well. This recipe is a keeper. I decided to make this time in a pan in order to layer the spaghetti with cheese (mozzarella and parmesan).P.S. If someone does or doesn't like something in the recipe it doesn't mean the recipe is not a good one. Just prepare to your liking. I recommend if you want to make your sauce from scratch. Thank you for sharing!!

Easy to make, followed directions and love this sauce. Wife said we would never buy store bought sauce again, and I'm happy to hear it. Reminds me of my moms growing up.

I used fresh tomatoes from the garden. Omitted the tomato paste and sauce, used ketchup instead (because I had the ketchup). Also used both fresh and dried oregano and basil. Added some mushrooms and it came out delicious.

This so easy to make the sauce is way better than can or jar

This is like mine!  I do tomato paste, small tomato sauce, can of crushed, and a petite chopped.   I add brown sugar.   My son is making this as we speak.  He hates bell peppers. 😂  I also use beef stock as my liquid.   I don’t like anyone else’s spaghetti.   Great recipe.   Now I want some.

Was fantastic.Simple and delicious.I omitted the peppers and added some pepper flakes - still super yummy!

I substituted the 16oz tomato sauce and 6oz paste with 1 (24oz) jar of Prego since I figured it might need a little something extra after reading some reviews, and it turned out great! I did like the peppers in there (not my normal pick for going in spaghetti), but I'll probably add or sub it out for mushrooms next time. Topped with mozzarella.

