This recipe was really easy to follow & turned out great!  My 1st try at chicken parmesan, total success :-)

3 stars because this was good with my common sense modifications. I do not know how any one of you got a good result as written. #1 - 4 c. of breadcrumbs?! Whoa! Not right. I used 1 c. plus 1/2c. shredded Italian cheese blend. #2. Recipe calls for 1/2c of sauce yet in directions you are to use 1/3c. x 4 chicken breasts...? You need to 'eye this up' and put enough sauce on each piece. #3 - You cannot use 1 c. of olive oil! Did you all do this? And you had a good result? The chicken would be swimming in oil! I used a little olive oil (maybe 2 TBS?) along with a TBS of butter. #4 - Flour is not needed. #5 - Mozz cheese should be shredded, not 'fresh' for best melting result. #6- Don't put fresh basil on so early. It will burn - leave it for the last 5 min or use dried. Now, with these changes, the dish was delicious - but I guess it is now my own version of chicken parmesan.

Wow! Made this a few weeks ago and we loved! Perfect crispness on the outside and amazingly flavorful!! Not dry at all. Made with spaghetti noodles for a side. Since we're staying home this Thanksgiving (day after tomorrow) and family can't make the drive out to us, I e been asked to make this instead of turkey and mashed potatoes. I'm pretty excited and might just make this our little Thanksgiving tradition. Great recipe! Thank you for sharing 💕

This is delicious, but know that it is time-consuming.  I suggest cutting up the cheese,  prepping the the chicken, etc.  ahead of time.

The recipe was easy to follow and easy to make.  I used chicken cutlets and it cut the time of pounding the chicken breast.  My husband and grandson loved it. Will definitely make again.

This recipe was quick, easy and delicious 😋.  My husband had been asking me to fix this and he was excited and said it hit the spot. I will be making this again soon. Love it!

You have to just eyeball most of it.. aka the breadcrumbs and the sauce and the olive oil.. but if you are somewhat good at cooking you will nail it.. I put enough olive oil to cover the pan and it fried perfectly..!!!

I substituted chopped basil in place of fresh basil. Couldn’t find any in my supermarket. My family loves when I make this dish for them. Third time making this, first time taking a picture

My whole family looks forward to this!!! One of the best things I’ve ever made.

My husband said it was the best chicken parm he has ever had. Make sure not to bake for too long; use a thermometer.

Baked it 5 minutes less

