this was so good but not enough sauce.   Used Ricotta cheese instead of cottage cheese and doubled cheeses ricotta and mozz to make it more gooey. I adjusted according to prev reviews.  replace sugar with 2 tsp ground carrot (thanks for the tip) - also replaced pork sausage with mild Italian sausage.  I doubled everything but noodles and tripled onions/garlic/parsley/oregano.  only used 4 eggs.   For added flavor I a whole chopped green pepper.  also added the garlic when meat was browning this seems to really release the flavor.  Did not use any salt because all the cheeses are salty enough - this was a good move, it turned out perfect.  will make this many more times - thanks Craig!!   PS - This sause is great on pizza too!

This freezes really well too but whenever i freeze dishes with tomato sauce, I find that i need to add just a little bit (small can) of sauce before cooking.  just add to sides and it will work it's way down.  the little extra can of sauce will help to moisten it up and bring back some of the tomato flavor which seems to go away when frozen.   you can freeze whole or cook the lasagna, cool, cut into serving sizes and freeze individual serving  :)

I made this for Valentines day the nigt before. I substituted Ricotta for cottage cheese, only used a couple dashes of salt in both the sauce and cheese mix, and used one pound italian sausage instead of the beef/pork combo. Baked it for thirty minutes covered, 5 uncovered, then let it cool and put it in the fridge. The next day I came home from work, put it in the oven for about thirty to forty five minutes at 275 (upped it half way to 350- Hubby was hungry) and served. 
They always say Lasagna's better the next day!

They took the dang serving changer off I hate this because I have such a large family I need more the recipe amazing but I had the fact they did this.

The recipe was easy in it self. I added chorizo to the recipe for a little bit of spice and flavor

Added mushrooms and more onions

Delicious!

I really like this recipe!  I added a little (1/2c) red wine to the meat and added some asiago cheese to the egg and cottage cheese mixture for a little kick, you know?  Turned out fabulous.  No leftovers!!

Everybody loved it! The  alterations I made, because I didn’t have quite enough cottage cheese was adding mozzarella pearls to the cottage cheese mixture. Made it so melty! I also only added about a half a teaspoon of salt. I can my own Italian tomato mix and then to thicken the sauce up a little bit  I used a can of tomato paste. We all like the noodles to be a little firmer, so I don’t pre-cook them.

We loved the mild flavor and texture. I did not use the eggs and I used grass fed ground beef. I also  used ricotta cheese and added sauteed mushrooms and spinach into the layers. I used extra garlic and extra of all the herbs and no salt whatsoever. I also do not eat processed sugar, so I shredded a carrot into the sauce. Yum!

Good lasagna but much too salty. I doesn't even add the salt to the cheese mixture and it was still too salty. Be cautious.  I used dried parsley instead of fresh as well.

I substituted ground turkey for the pork, lower in fat for pancreatitis .... Added spinach .... Made my own lasagna noodles ..... (I love fresh made pasta) 😍 ....This recipe was perfect. This photo was taken right before removing the foil cover & browning the cheese on top.

