I can't get enough of this soup!  I tweaked it by leaving out the bacon and using kale instead of spinach (the famous restaurant uses kale).  I also added 1 teaspoon of fennel as I think that it is crucial to the flavor of the soup.  My Italian sausage was hot enough without the added red pepper, also.  Still, I think this recipe is pretty forgiving and you can add or subtract to your taste.  This was just what I was looking for to start me on my way to my new favorite soup.  I also loved how quickly everything cooked.

I made this soup last night. I used Johnsonville Sweet Basil Italian sausage (which I LOVE) and Campbells chicken broth. It turned out EXTREMELY salty. I can handle a lot of salt in my food, and this was too salty, even for me. I added extra cream, just to try and tone down some of the saltiness. Maybe it might be better with reduced sodium ingredients, but I will not be making this again. Thanks anyways!

Nice hearty soup.  I made this with a few modifications:1. substituted with kale instead of spinach2. added can of drained red kidney beans3. added 1 tea of fennel seeds4. added 1/2 cup of milk5. To reduce the amount of sodium,  used water instead of chicken stock; cooked bacon separately and added it as a garnish after the soup is done.

I loved this! I used less red pepper flakes and I added fennel fronds and some cut up fennel bulb. I added more broth and half and half until it was the consistency I wanted. I didn't add bacon.It was super flavorful!

Great recipe--our go to for Zuppa Toscana.We use kale instead of spinach as it holds up better, al dente

Great soup. I used hot Italian sausage, not so much red pepper flakes, 6 slices bacon, 2 t ground garlic along with fresh, bone broth, 1/2 c cream and 1/2 c milk, a bouillon cube and a dash of Worcestershire. Also used kale instead of spinach. Don’t add any salt until you taste. Hubby loved it.

Best Soup I've ever made.

Very good soup BUT waaay too many pepper flakes I love hot and spicy but with 1 + 1/4 tsps. the excellent flavor of the soup is lost. I used 1/4 tsps. and it was perfect. Can always add more, if desired.

My granddaughter can’t get enough of this soup. I make it by the big stockpot full. I do leave out the bacon. Delicious.

This is definitely a winner and a keeper!  I didn’t have heavy cream so I mixed 2/3 C Ricotta with 1/3 cup whole milk and it was excellent.   Delicious 🤤

This is one of the best soups I’ve ever had. I do add more broth because I double the kale (which I replace the spinach with) and the leaves soak in all the taste. It’s soooo delicious!

