Great stuff. When I am out of Salad Supreme this still is pretty good stuff by adding individual spices listed on the SS bottle. After refrigerating overnight, the day I am serving I sometimes add a bit more salad dressing. Also, you can interchange lots of ingredients: veggies, cubes of cheese, pepperoni slices or ham cubes, etc. This is easily customizable.

Just Ok...kids didn't like it at all and they LOVE all the ingredients so I thought it would be a big hit.  Won't make again.

I love this recipe

Hello,I made this recipe, but I modified the salad dressing somewhat. For the salad dressing I used the Italian salad dressing, I added abt 2 tbsp of fresh chopped garlic, 2 tbsp-Italian herbs, 2 tbsp-Basil, and 1/2 cup Parmesan cheese.  You can use those fresh herbs in a tube, from the produce section, works great. I mixed the salad dressing with these herbs and let it sit while making everything else. I used 2 12oz. Boxes of Rotini pasta, multi colored. And the bell peppers, I used yellow, orange, and red. Makes for a very colorful pasta and quite tasty. I only add tomatoes at the last minute, since they tend to make things a bit soggy. I have used this recipe at 2 pot lucks and there weren’t any leftovers. This recipe was a great idea for me.I also wanted to add that I also added about a cup, depending on the size package of mozzarella balls, drained, I pat the dry with a paper towel, lightly.

I've made this recipe a few times now for get togethers and it's always a big hit!It has become 1 of the family faves

For what it is its a very simple and tasty recipe. I don't understand why you people comment on here that they totally changed this or added that. Why not post your recipe instead of trying to take away from the original. Thank you for sharing the recipe it was excellent

What are the ingredients for the Salad seasoning mix? See them quickly in the video, but not listed in the recipe.

Could stand to cut back a bit on the Italian dressing. I doubled the sliced olives and added a little red onion

I make this frequently using a store bought lite balsamic vinaigrette, adding flat leaf parsley and sliced green onion while omitting the “salad seasoning”. Delicious!

Super easy to make it was really good.  A great "bring to potluck" item!

I make this all the time. Started with the base recipe but I started adding more to it and it’s even better. The key is to let it sit overnight so the flavors can develop. I add broccoli and marinated artichoke hearts (make sure to add some of the oil they’re marinating in to the dressing mix). I prefer Kalamata olives instead of canned. Sometimes I top with crumbled feta right before serving .

