I mix 1 c. of cornmeal with 1 c.  cold water stir into 3 c. of boiling water. Much easier than stirring in dry cornmeal.

Use plain water in your polenta, it needs no gilding with any flavored liquid. I do add generous portions of butter and parm but chicken stock muddies the flavor. Try for yourself and you'll see.

Perfect polenta every time! It does get hard quickly so eat it while it is hot and creamy!

Though my husband didn't care for it,  I did.  And since I'm the Italian, that's who matters!! 😋It was almost like my grandma used to make me as a kid. Have to figure out some good meals to plan around this now!   Note: if you aren't used to strong buttery boldness this could upset the tummers.

More cheese, made it with Chicken bullion, if I were serving with beefThen beef bullion.  Growing up we called it corn meal mush added hot bacon grease

Fantastic, I used blue corn meal and the final product had a pretty pink hue!

In reading the comments I have to say this ...Adding chicken broth or anything else to it its a sin ...polenta ( as they used to do it in the old country , as my grandparents did it or as my mom did it  its simply corn flour, salt and water ....and you may add a little butter at the end . It does not need garlic or shallots ( god forbid) or anything else. You eat it with a beautiful stew , or with sour cream and cottage cheese and a sunny side up egg , and that's where all the flavor should come from .

Use plain water in your polenta, it needs no gilding with any flavored liquid. I do add generous portions of butter and parm but chicken stock muddies the flavor. Try for yourself and you'll see.

The taste of this recipe was delicious, but unfortunately it was like soup. I followed the recipe exactly. Could it have been the type of polenta I used? I will have to try again.

This is a wonderful switch from rIce, mashed taters, pasta. I used water with 1cup broth.  I added a tablespoon plus of heavy cream at the end!  Super fabulous.  It doesnt compete with main course, it finishes it!No time for picture and we ate it all. 😛

Also if you leave out the Parmesan cheese and pour the polenta into a loaf pan and refrigerate it the next morning you can fry a slice in butter and top it with warm maple syrup. That’s how our grandma gave it to us for breakfast or for dinner.

