This was a good recipe. It does need a few adjustments.  The recipe should state that the yeast should proof first.  I dissolved the sugar in the water with the yeast and let it sit for ten minutes.  I didn't use the same toppings, I used ground ham, spinach, a little mozarella, mushrooms and of course ricotta, which makes a "real Italian Calzone, and for a little extra yum, a dash or two of Italian dressing, but the dough was great for calzone.  Very chewy and beautiful coloring.  I made 4 calzones out of this but cut them in half, so next time I will make 8 small ones.  Also it took only 20 minutes when I used my pizza stone, so time should be adjusted for the size of individual servings.

I am italian , I live in Italy and I am a cook. The real calzone is just mozzarella tomato and fresh basil. Thist one is a type of calzone made close to Naples. Not cheddar at all.. No one in Italy uses or know the cheddar.just mozzarella ricotta salame and egg....

Good recipe but you can save some time if your supermarket has pre made refrigerated pizza dough in individual plastic bag packages like mine does. Just start with that, roll it out and go from there.

Pizza with a yummy twist!

I agree with mrsdi .  I grew up in NY, and my mom was 100% Italian.We used to buy them pre-made at our Italian Deli and they only had Ricotta mixed with an egg, maybe some pepperoni or sausage, and could be served with sauce on the side if you wanted sauce on them.I echo Mrsdi"ONLY PURE RICOTTA CHEESE! Use one and one half cups of ricotta mixed with dash of pepper, salt, Italian sausage (or pepperoni is acceptable), one egg and dash of parsley and grated parmesan cheese."People who claim Calzone is just a pizza folded over are wrong too.  The stuffing is primarily Ricotta---the real stuff, not cottage cheese.

The dough turned out delicious! Just the right amount of salt and crunch; it had everything you'd want to in a crust. The filling I would recommend customizing; I did not care for the exact one in the recipe. I don't know if it was the ricotta I chose (the cheapest kind) or the combination of ingredients itself, but something was off about the texture and the flavor. I would have preferred a tomato/beef/sausage mixture myself with gooey mozzarella or parmesano.

Easy enough to make BUT cheddar cheese would never be in ANY real Italian dish.Swap it out for mozzarella and provolone and it’s delicious AND authentic

This calzone was absolutely delicious. We did change up by adding smashed italian stewed tomatoes on half of it. We also used fresh ground pork, sliced black olives, mozzarella and green bell pepper. It turned out magnificent and I can't stop talking about the crust!

Great recipe, would try it again!

I added cream cheese to the filling...good flavor and idea but I omitted the sugar from the dough......bad idea. So this going to be a work in progress. My husband loves pepperoni and sausage so this is an ideal for a basic original calzone recipe, to allow us to runaway with the imagination

10/10 this recipe is great! Personally I would do more ricotta and some mozzarella instead of cheddar but thats just me. I love this so much though and my family will definitely make this again.

