We really enjoyed this!! I did some playing around with it as others have. Replaced the cottage cheese with Ricotta and I used more tomato sauce and paste to make more of the sauce as I have one of the old crockpots that's just huge. I also put in some Italian seasoning and some roasted garlic. Just make sure that all your noodles are covered with the sauce and it will come out just great. The time was a little different for me too. It only took about 4 1/2 to 5 hours in my pot, but you have to remember that all crockpots are not the same, the size and shape can change the timing a great deal.  I've made this twice now and it has come out wonderful both times. I serve it with Mama D's Italian bread (from this site) and a salad and what a meal!!  Thanks Kim for a great way to make homemade lasagna without all the fuss!

I hated this lasagne.  It was VERY salty and I saw no benefit to cooking it in the slow cooker.  No time was saved.  It's faster to cook lasagne in the oven and the taste was lacking.  I'll stick with my tried and true lasagne recipe from Bon Appetit!

I made this recipe and listened to some of the reviews. I added a little extra sauce (one cup maybe), I added one pound of beef and one pound of italian sausage. Used ricotta instead of cottage cheese and added one egg.  Some people said it was a little salty so I did not use salt but I felt it needed salt in the end. Wonder if the cottage cheese makes it a little more salty? I was in a hurry so I cooked on high for couple hours and it was good. Overall, I would DEFINITELY make this again. And again

I'm not a fan of making lasagna, too much work. But this recipe seemed easy enough so I thought I'd try it since the temp here has been over 100. Yuck! I followed the recipe to a T and cooked it for about 5 hours. Came out dry and burnt around the edges. Won't make this recipe again :(.

Although I’ve made my own spins on this recipe, for example I use half ground beef and half hot sausage and it takes more like 4 hours as opposed to 6 this is always a crowd pleaser!

Awesome & easy recipe! Love that I could make in crock pot.

Very good,  I like it that it is so easy to make. I also added some hot Italian sausage to spice it up a little.

I used Turkey no beef! Did not cook the meat before. Let it just cook all together! Added cottage cheese.

Great recipe base, I did add basil, garlic and onion powder. It cooked for around 10+ hours, we loved it.

I made this as the recipe calls for except I added just a little bit more sauce. This is awesome and very simple.

enjoy rhis receipe,  use ground turkey instead, and home made spagetti sauce.  Comes out great every time

