This is a very good sauce.  I have tried quite a few and this is my husband’s favorite.  I cut the water amount in half because of others recommendations, I highly recommend this or the sauce will be very thin and watery.  I also add a ½ teaspoon of sugar.  We make this now once a week!

Easy, yes but way too watery if you follow the recipe.  I adjusted the water down to 2/3 cup and replaced the oil with 2 Tbsp. of wine.  I added a little salt and 1 tsp. of sugar along with a 1/4 tsp. of onion powder and cut back on the oregano, basil and rosemary to taste using a little over 1/4 tsp. each.  Overall, not bad but don't use all that water unless you want a very, very thin sauce.

Too watery & I used 1/4 cup less water. Added extra basil & oregano to get a decent flavor. As much as I didn't want to, adding a bit of sugar helped. Definitely cut the water back to  just over 1 cup and add more if needed. This recipe needs to be updated.

1/3 cup olive oil. Are you crazy?  Next time I make this I’ll use a couple of tablespoons at the most. It also needs a little sugar.

I followed the recipe exactly.  It was delicious.  I wouldn't change a thing.

Bitter, oily, and watery. I have since read other reviews on combating these issues, but that changes the recipe, meaning this one is still not good.

Excellent sauce! No cooking was a plus! I didn't even refrigerate and it was incredible. Most other sauces I've tried didn't come close. Perfect consistency too. I put it on KetoPizza. Wow was it good!

Too watery.. this is not authentic pizza sauce recipe

It was so easy just use Italian season parsley minced garlic salt and pepper and that was it oh and tomato paste

This is incredible!  If you’re having a tinny taste, add a Tablespoon of Sugar.  I ONLY added 1 cup of water.  My experience told me it’d be too runny.  I also add beef bullion that gave it a meat flavored yummy sauce.  Making it into a Chicago deep dish.  A keeper!  Thank you.

Note to self. Decrease water and oil by half. Add onion powder and fennel.

