I've convinced 3 (now-ex) boyfriends, my husband, and even a couple Italian friends at school that I make the most incredible lasagna they've ever tasted with this recipe. I make it pretty much as shown, except if I have the time, I let the sauce simmer on the stove as long as possible. I also add a bit of whatever red wine I have on hand to the sauce. And I try to make a double recipe, so I can use the sauce for other things - it works wonderfully for Chicken Parmesan, plain ol' spaghetti, and anywhere else you'd use a red sauce.

Everything tastes better the second day, too. Oh, one more thing - I never boil my noodles. I simply buy regular dried noodles, and make sure I have plenty of sauce in the lasagna. It cooks long enough that the noodles boil in the oven, and you end up with a lasagna that isn't runny and holds its shape well.

I was so disappointed with this lasagna! I won't be using this recipe again. With such a high rating, I thought it would taste better. I followed the recipe exactly, except that I only used 1/3 of the salt called for. (One serving of the original recipe is almost a full daily allowance of sodium.) It was still too salty. It tasted like something you'd buy in the freezer section at the grocery store. Why waste all that time making it at home if it doesn't taste any better than the manufactured stuff and isn't any healthier? There also seemed to be too much sauce and not enough of the ricotta mixture or mozzarella. Suggestions: 1. Leave out the added salt altogether. There's already enough salt in the sausage, parmesan and canned tomato products to season everything. 2. Drain the meat after browning and before adding anything else. All that saturated fat does nothing to improve the flavor. 3. Use oregano instead of Italian seasoning and leave out the fennel. Italian sausage already has fennel in it. 4. Leave out one of the cans of tomato paste. The condensed tomato flavor was so strong it drowned out the spices. 5. Use a full 16-oz block of mozzarella, and grate it instead of slicing it. You'll get more even coverage. 6. Double the ricotta mixture (ricotta, egg, parsley). 7. (Optional) Replace the 1/2 cup of water with 1/2 cup of red wine, preferably chianti or cabernet sauvignon.

I have been making this exact recipe fire years! Never tried another recipe and don’t want to. It’s literally THE BEST LASAGNA EVER!!!

Excellent recipe! Always a big hit! I made some modifications though. Omitted the sausage and fennel and used 2 lbs ground beef. Delicious!

I found this recipe while attempting to recreate the lasagne my mom makes. I made a couple small changes:-50/50 beef & sausage (1 lb each)-added the onion & garlic after I browned the meat-mixed my parm into the ricotta mixture instead of adding it separately (plus a little on top)-grated mozzarella instead of sliced-fresh basil - about 1 tbsp roughly chopped (only because I had no dried basil, will use dried next time)-used crushed tomatoes/tomato sauce & paste with no added saltI added salt as per the recipe and it was perfect, but I think if I’d used tomato products with salt in them it would have been too salty. Next time I think I’ll halve the sugar and try make the meat sauce a day ahead, but otherwise it was excellent.

I would leave out the sugar next time. It takes away the sourness of the tomato which I prefer in a dish like this. Everything else was delicious!

Totally different from mine I use Prego Sauce it gives all the flavor there not enough ground beef and cheese

I am a 2nd generation Sicilian from New Orleans and as such I grew up with Lasagna. This recipe is authentic but most of all delicious, and not as hard to make as it sounds. I did add fresh mushrooms to the meat sauce.

Where has this recipe been all my life?   My lasagna has always been good luckily, but this recipe captures what and how to do it!   Thank you and happy cooking everyone.

My husband and I both agree this is the best lasagna we've ever had! It's a little more work than ones I've made in the past, but it is well worth it!!

I made the lasagna as written.  I found the layering instructions differed between the explanatory text and the recipe but I followed the recipe.  My wife and I and our two fussy kids all enjoyed this recipe and we found it moister than others we have tried.  We also found that it wasn't as spicy as the sausage lasagna we usually make, probably because there is ground beef in with the sausage in this recipe.  We will certainly make this again!

