For the ones who had trouble getting the Panna Cotta out of the dishes.  I highly recommend trying a silicone muffin pan.  They work great.

While this was good, it was way too sweet. I just got back from Italy and they make it with far less sugar. The sweetness on theirs came from sweetened berries on top.

Thanks for the delicious  recipe

After living in Italy & falling in love with panna cotta I wanted to find a recipe that would measure up to the dessert. I’ve made this countless times, and even shared the recipe with the rest of my family, who also loved the many panna cottas we tried while we lived in Italy. I’m happy to say this recipe has met our standards, and is a happy reminder of one of our favorite Italian treats!

EASIEST and BEST delicious Panna Cotta recipe you will ever make. Turns out perfect every time and people are very impressed, and it takes maybe 15 minutes to make. It tastes fantastic too, especially with berries on top. So glad I found this, I absolutely recommend this recipe.

Easy as I have always been told, and ultimately adaptable to changes. I made with a caramel salted caramel syrup a little less heavy cream a little more of the skim milk and brown sugar instead of white came out great!

This was by far the easiest and best tasting Panna Cotta I have ever had and it is one of my favorite desserts. I have been making it and enjoying this recipe since I came across it .Thank youMary

I have made it several times. The only thing I do differently is I use a vanilla bean instead of extract. I put it in with the cream and sugar and then take it out right before I put in the gelatin.

Delicious and easy! I used 1/2 sugar and 1/2 monk fruit. It was perfect and not too sweet but I did use a little less sugar than recipe called for. I used 1/2 and 1/2 instead of heavy cream.  I also made a simple raspberry sauce and served it with raspberries and blueberries.  Very pretty and tasty.

I made this with almond milk and I made it again with just whole milk. I used vanilla paste and both times it was great. My husband can’t eat dairy so the almond milk worked perfectly.

I made the recipe as instructed

