I've never written a review for a recipe before but this recipe was worth the effort.  I made this as the recipe calls and it was fabulous.  I've been making Italian food for a long time and this sauce was truly delicious.  My Italian husband declared it the best sauce he's ever had!!

I made this just for kicks to see how other people make their sauce. This was just OK at best. First of all...there's already enough fennel seed in Italian sausage that adding more is complete overkill. And it's definitely lacking ingredients for a full, rich sauce...such as...bell pepper, mushrooms, fresh Italian basil, fresh spicy oregano, fresh parsley, and a bit of red wine. (by the way...red wine is what should be used instead of sugar) Also...1/8 to 1/4 cup olive oil in your sauce will keep it from coagulating and also makes it a healthier recipe. A couple pinches of black pepper and fresh thyme sprinkled on the sauce when served finishes it off.

I used garlic powder because I didn't have garlic, I used a little bit of oregano. I did not have any basil.   It was delicious!!!   I will make sure I have all the ingredients next time I make it.

sauce looks really good. Sorry I must beg to differ. the worlds best sauce is by terry kennedy listed as Italian gravy on the food network. I have been making this recipe for over 20 years. give it a try you will not be disappointed, believe me.

It's our favorite sauce!

This sauce REALLY is the best. Thick, but not too thick. Just the right amount of tomato and meat. I was tempted to but in more spices, but I stuck to the recipe (except for 1 tiny change, added one bay leaf). Took me longer than 15 minutes to put it together but after 6 hours on low in a slow cooker. All I can say is YUM.

It’s such a great recipe! I am usually a “feel” cook. Add a little of this and that to adjust the flavor to my family’s tastes. I used a combination of fresh basil and Italian seasoning  with dried, a few bay leaves (2- 4 )and of course more fennel.  A sprinkle of red pepper flakes. I added 1 pound ground pork and 1 1/2 pounds ground beef. Higher grade ingredients always makes a higher level of flavor. I use the cento brand which has a really great flavor.  Really great recipe!  Thanks so much for sharing!  My family loves it!  I also made her lasagna with this sauce and it was out of this world!!

This is delicious with the addition of my mother’s secret pasta sauce ingredient, rosemary.  Adds that special “something”.  If you don’t care for the little needles, it is possible to find pre-minced dried rosemary.

This is now my favorite homemade pasta sauce. I changed a few things. (Left out the fennel, it isn't my family's favorite.)1. Used one pound of hamburger only.2. Boiled hamburger in salted water, and rinsed it after cooking to reduce grease.3. Sauteed onion and garlic in olive oil.4. Used diced tomatoes, since I didn't have crushed.5.  Added 8 ounces of Cabernet Sauvignon.6. Put all ingredients in the crockpot to slow cook for several hours.

I made this and it was wonderful! I always pre-season my beef prior to cooking and find this adds a lot of extra flavor! Thanks for this, my family loved it!

I used Cento San Marzano whole peeled tomatoes. I rough chopped them added about double the water and some fresh basil. The sauce was great and the 11% Italian in me was singing.

