This recipe for ravioli dough is good. The pasta turned out as it should. Unfortunately, do to my novice status with making pasta, the ravioli pieces were way too big. So, tip from me... don't be afraid to cut closee to the filling. This dough doesn't need a lot of seam to hold in the filling. I will definitely try this again, and get it right the next time. Thanks for the recipe and the clear instructions.

Reviewing just the filling. I used a different dough recipe that turned out perfectly. The filling was disappointing. Good but very bland. I didn't have provolone so I used Parmesan. Luckily I served the raviolis with red pepper and spinach Alfredo sauce and that gave them the oomph they needed. I won't use this filling again.
Oh, I used a 12X 4 inch ravioli press and there's enough filling for 48 raviolis.

Use Semolina flour for the pasta do not use regular or bread flour it makes a big differenceAnd for the filling i never add cream cheese but adding salt is a must with the egg and mozzarella cheese think the provolone will be a nice add

I loved this my children loved it. I will definitely do it again. I love this recipe.

This is a simple and tasty recipe that leaves you with a wonderful entree ad a feeling of accomplishment.

boil the ravioli longer

I'm sorry, but this entirely too much work , but also just not a good product.  The dough needed more water, The cream sauce is bland, the use of two sauces is excessive, and everything here requires a bit too much mess.I also doubt this recipe can make 20 raviolis, I used every piece of dough and got maybe 16, but even there it's not a pleasant process or end result.I know a lot of people seem to think it's a skill issue, and it kind of is, but the recipe is written in a complicated way that creates skill issues, where I question if anyone who hasn't created ravioli before can execute this recipe.Honestly this recipe makes it unlikely for me to try more from allrecipes, it was that bad.

I have never made homade pasta or ravioli before and I was very tastiest! Just make sure you roll out the dough thin enough my ravioli was really thick, so even if you think it's thin enough roll it out a bit more.

Dough- Turned out perfect, easy to work with.Filling- Very good. Next time I might add some ground nutmeg.Cream sauce- Very good also.My execution was a bit different.  When I googled pics of Maggiano's, it looked like the dish was placed in a salamander to brown up a bit.  So I did not put the bare ravioli in the oven.  Instead a spread a small amount of the cream sauce of the bottom of an oven proof dish.  Then added the raviolli, poured cream sauce over the top, added a ribbon of red sauce, sprinkled some parm on top.  Placed on top rack in a 450 degree oven until it was bubbling and just starting to brown.  Yum! The proportions were also very good.  Everything came together nicely. Thank you for this recipe.

For my first time making homemade ravioli it took very long to make everything. I added cooked shrimp to the filling and it was delicious. It will be along time before I make this again. I say leave it to the professionals.

basic recipe of the cheese filling was fine, though I added some more dried herbs, julienned green onions and a pinch of cayenne to give it some heat. The dough itself was a bit dry as well, I added another egg yolk (gave the egg whites to my cat) and another drizzle of olive oil.

