This is the recipe to try if you´ll make your Tiramisu.  I was unsure wich recipe to try, ´cause others had more reviews.  Lucky me, I try this one. My husband, a very picky eater, loved this and didn´t stop the MMMM! while he was eating.  The milk in the egg mixture makes the difference. Few tips: 1. make 2 days ahead, it´s the peak of flavors and consistency.  2. double the amount of coffe/liquor, it´s not enough.  3. use soft lady finger, the others are just like rocks. 4. don´t be tempted to lower the amount of sugar, I did based on a preview review, big mistake, went from a 3/4 cup wich is what the recipe call for, to 2/3 cup, the little extra sugar was missing, and I don´t have a sweet tooth.  5.  serve chilled, just my taste but it´s wonderful in this warm day to have a cold dessert.  6.  be carefull, one piece of this has tons of calories, your waist and hips are going to tell you sooner than later.  7. mix well the egg and sugar and when you cook the mixture NEVER stop beating, this makes a silky smoth texture.  8. with a electrical mixer add the mascarpone to the milk/egg, this way you avoid clumps and keeps the silky texture.

I don't know if its that I don't like tiramisu enough, or if I did something wrong with the recipe, but I was a bit disappointed with how this turned out. It was a lot of work and the flavor of it wasn't all that great, even after letting it sit in the fridge for 24 hours. It wasn't sweet enough for me, so if I do make this again, I'll definitely add more sugar. It did make for a beautiful presentation though! Thanks for posting the recipe!

I agree with others that the coffee/rum mixture should be doubled. I also recommend adding some sugar when making the whipped cream.  Overall this was really good.

I've made this recipe a few times and everybody loves it!  In fact, they want it for birthday cakes from now on.  I just left out the rum because I didn't have any, but will try next time.  I also used Illy decaf espresso, and no one noticed the difference.  It does take a lot of muscle to whisk the egg mixture on the stove, but it's worth it.  One time, I had to freeze it, and it tasted even better.   I'm Italian, so I have tasted numerous recipes over the years, and I think this one is THE best.  Thank you for sharing.

Couldn't  find lady fingers so substituted pound cake.  As others stated recipe didn't allow enough coffee so I made a cup of strong coffee and added rum to taste.  I didn't use the whole cup of course just wanted to have enough.  I made more whip cream I whipped the entire pint w/ 2 tsp good vanilla.  I also added powdered sugar to the whip cream for sweetness and body.  Turned out well.  Tiramiso isn't really a sweet dessert and it turned out about right.

I gave this two stars because it was easy to make but the taste was completely bland. Do not make this recipe if you like really good food as this tiramisu was tasteless. Who comes up with these bad recipes???

Very good, but not quite as good as tiramisu in a good Italian restaurant. I used coffee essence with coffee liquor and doubled the amount. I made it with one pound of the cream cheese recipe for mascarpone cheese and that was too much; next time I"ll use 8 ounces. It ended up sitting in the fridge for 3 days because of a postponed party and it was still very tasty.

I substituted pecan shortbread cookies for the " hard to find' ladyfingers, and i added a little black walnut oil and sugar  to my whipped cream. I think the cookies added a another flavor and texture to the dessert.

Incredibly good as is! I skipped the rum.  Used more than double the coffee - a good coffee.Easy and fun to make - just lots of steps.Video is excellent - I dipped whole cookies using my fingers for  milliseconds or coffee will be gone in 5 cookies - plus they'll split from sog.Really bring cheese to room temp to get through the stirring quicker, or let the mixture sit for a few minutes then continue stirring. I used lg plastic /rubber whisk.Made a double batch in disposable 9.5 x 13.5 pan for a party (used 4 leftover cookies to make tiny home sampler) delicious even without overnighting.Don't forget to plan the one hour to chill the egg/sugar/milk batch.No need for different recipe; I've made this several x's - always great!Perfect

This is sooooo good. In fact I'm making it AGAIN tomorrow. This stuff beats birthday cake any time!! I use both a coffee liquor & coffee

It needed double the coffee, but be careful not to oversoak the lady fingers.

