This is one of the first dishes my Italian MIL taught me to make!  She told me this was an important dish to know as it is tasty, very economical and you can clean out the fridge using up leftovers.  Boy was she right!  It is GREATt just as is.. all on its own.  During the summer, when our garden is overflowing, I sometimes add some grape tomatoes, eggplant or some zucchini and my favorite  - fresh basil!  I have made this using leftover chicken cutlets I diced up and made my food budget stretch a little farther.  Be sure to watch the garlic cooking time and be aware that there is some cooking water from the pasta that is to be added to the garlic when it is finished browning.  It is mentioned in the video and my MIL made SURE I knew to do that as it adds necessary moisture to the sauce.  I use at least a full ladle as I like it a bit more moist.  NOTE:  add the water slowly to avoid splattering! I made this last night and I added a cup of diced grape tomatoes and some crumbled bacon and topped with shredded fresh spinach.  Perfect summer meal.  My favorite is using sun dried tomatoes, spinach and fresh mozzarella.  Can't go wrong with this recipe!

I made this after seeing it cooked on an Italian cooking show the other day. I have to be honest, this is way too oily for me. I think the servings on this recipe are incorrect also. As a lb of pasta is going to feed a minimum of 6 people. Even the bag said serves 8. At least I stretched groceries until the end of the week. Think, I will just stick to pasta with a little butter, similar to what I had growing up. It's basically the same concept. ty

Great! Thanks

this is a good dish.  i did not have parsley so subbed with cilantro.  i typically go heavier on the dressing/sauce which i did in this case

I've been making this with great success for years now, but this video taught me two excellent things. 1. How to properly slice the garlic and the adding of the pasta water to stop the cooking of the garlic. I've come close to overcooking the garlic a few times. Bitter garlic is very much an amateur mistake, but incredibly common. I add chili flakes to the oil for some kick, and lemon rind to the final dish.

This is my go-to recipe for Aglio e Olio. I add a half pound of small shrimp and lemon juice from one lemon to the recipe for a nice variation.

Simple, easy and so delish! Instead of straining my pasta, I used tongs and put it straight into the pan with garlic and oil. Add extra pasta water if needed.

I grew up in an Italian house hold and i mean my housemates were from Milan.   They would make this quite often.  I have made this many many times over the years but never really saw the recipe online ever until now.  Being such a popular dish over in Italy i thought it would be on the internet.  I do however use pecorino romano. I think its much better in it than reggiano.  Like 10 times better.

Loved this! Made it again tonight. Just want to add to be sure one adds salt to the pasta water. I added 3 heaping tbsp of kosher salt. This dish was Creamy in a way with the oil and Parmigianino. I added the butter at the end as Chef suggested..2 -4 tbsp. Sooo good!  I also added a bit of fresh lemon juice. I felt it lifted the dish up a bit...Even without the lemon, this was really good. Use a good pasta for this dish. I used Rao's spaghetti and second time linguine . I will be making this perfect pasta dish over and over again!!! Thank you sooo much, Chef John!!!!

LOVED IT!

I toasted the garlic a little too long but this is so delicious

