I made Chef John's meatloaf a week or so ago and it was quite tasty which made me excited to try his meatball recipe. The bread crumbs I used in this recipe were made from homemade garlic-butter croutons and I cut back on the salt just a bit. To make uniform meat balls, I used my small cookie scoop. After baking my meatballs, I drained the fat off of them and added them to a homemade marinara and let them sit in the sauce for 20 minutes or so before I served them on pasta. The family really thought these were quite good. They held up well (to both cooking in the oven and sitting in the marinara) and had a nice flavor. Next time, I'd double the italian seasoning but that's really just personal to our family.

I just took these out of the oven and they were swimming in liquid!!  They weren't browned or even close - the flavor of the meat is good but the consistency of the cooked meatballs is wrong - won't make again!

Made as written. Love that they’re baked—so much easier.

Wow. That’s all I have to say. Perfect meatball. My family raved about them.

Perfect as is.

The most amazing meatballs every!!

Followed the recipe to the letter .Best meatballs ever .

Very similar to my homemade recipe, I use hot italian sausage instead of the plain ground pork, so no need to add the red pepper, I loved what the onions brought to this recipe.  A sure fire winner.

Skip the milk  ‘cause the 80/20 hamburger keeps them from drying out , also skip the oven entirely and use a 12inch skillet with a glass cover ‘cause the fat from the beef/ pork mix will SPLATTER all over your oven , skip the onion , add onion powder instead … increase the red pepper flakes to one teaspoon and then add three teaspoons of hot sauce , otherwise the flavor is only mediocre but much better with the added pepper flakes and hot sauce … lotta work when you can just buy Rosina angus meatballs and actually save money and get better taste … truthfully !!! … rjw

I made these today for the first time and they came out FANTASTIC ! I used 85/15 hamburger and followed the recipe with one change. My family do not like the texture of cooked onions so I used onion powder,   Which I converted from the conversion table on Google.  Very easy recipe to follow and I will be using it from now on. Thanks Chef !

DELICIOUS!!!

