this was great!  we made a few changes:  fresh chanterelles (1 cup), no cream, and double the gorgonzola. We used black truffle oil instead of white. Served with cabernet sauvignon, crusty bread and a salad, this was a gourmet meal. For the lazy cooks out there like me, 12 oz. of arborio rice is 1.5 cups, and one quart of stock is 4 cups.  Next time I will add a bit more garlic.

This was tasty, but I think that next time I will use all fresh mushrooms - the dried chantarelles overwhelmed the dish for me.

Oh my,  I am in Heaven! I used baby bellas only as I couldn't find chanterelles. I couldn't find truffle oil, but I WILL find it next time! I omitted the cream (to save on calories), and doubled the Gorgonzola. Served with a simple spinach and strawberry salad. What a delightful meal. I can't wait to have this again!

I enjoyed this recipe. I didn't have any shallots or truffle oil (nor could I find on short notice), so omitted those. I also used beef stock instead of chicken and fresh chanterelles instead of dried. This took longer to make than I expected. I probably wouldn't change any of the proportions or instructions, thought it came out well.

Great flavor with a little extra Gorgonzola and all fresh mushrooms.

Oh heck yeah -LoL!  Used brown rice which on it's own takes 45 minutes to cook, but with these additional Ingredients, mine took maybe an hour or more and required constant babysitting...So, I followed the ingredient list and instructions pretty closely, except did about 3/4 to 1 oz. Of the dried mushrooms as opposed to 2, and it was fine - also, no truffle oil...As we were making multiple dishes at once I was constantly checking on this, tasting and adjusting the heat.  Wasn't necessary to seperate the broth into thirds - added it all at once, and used the same amount as suggested for arborio...ended up with some Intentionally browned bits at the bottom that added a nice depth of flavor.  Added the cream, and sprinkled gorgonzola on top when served - when you bite into those little bits of melted cheese it is Heaven!!  This dish was reaaaally time consuming with all of the chopping and constant stirring and checking to get the right consistency, but I had company in the kitchen, and It turned out great. Served with sauteed vegetables on the side and Chef Johns Spanish Mustard Steak for a wonderful meal!

Excellent recipe with very slight changes.  I added dried and soaked porcini mushrooms (chopped finely) for the broth and I used a wide assortment of locally grown wild mushrooms instead of the chanterelles.  I also toast my arborio in a wok with a bit of butter before making risotto.

Had to mess around with the amount of each ingredient, especially the risotto and the stock, but I've made this multiple times and love it!

I doubled the gorgonzola, as others did, and I also use orzo instead of arborio rice.  Very nice!

I used all fresh mushrooms, skipped the cream, and added double the Gorgonzola. It was a winner.

This recipe was mediocre at best. I definitely agree with other reviewers to stick to fresh mushrooms only.  It wasn't terrible, but it was nothing special.

