Made these changes: omitted salt, substituted onion powder for onion salt, used 2 dressing mixes, added 1 1/2 tsp. dried onion, and added 2 beef bouillion cubes to the water.  Cooked on low for about 14 hours; shredded meat and refrigerated meat and juice separately overnight.  In the morning, I skimmed the fat off the juice, and returned the juice & meat to the slow cooker, along with some chopped green pepper, on high to reheat for a couple hours. Served with horseradish and provolone cheese. Was a hit at our family reunion! Leftovers (if any!) reheat well for a quick lunch.

Not very impressive, I used beef broth and two packets of Italian and it was still kind of bland!  It was too expensive to make for the result we got.  so disappointed

Very good recipe. I did use beef broth instead of water as suggested by several reviews. Also a couple beef bouillon cubes. I made this with a giardiniera posted by PHONETEK on this website.

Man, that was just awesome....made it a few weeks back and craving it again.  One of the best and tastiest sandwiches I have had in 54 years

I have made this a dozen times and it is wonderful!   I made a few tweaks; I add a cup of red wine which helps dissolve the connective tissue of the top round greater.  I add four beef bouillon cubes to four cups of beef broth to intensify the flavor.  I use white pepper and one tablespoon of Italian herbs (along with the packet).  Cook on high for 3 hours and then low for 5.  I also keep the fat cap on for extra flavor throughout (I’ll see if I can add an after picture when finished)

Tasted wonderful! This is one of the things I missed when I moved from Chicago, so it's a welcome addition to my recipe box. That said, I don't understand why it calls for dry Italian dressing mix. I don't keep those in the house, and the spices are almost identical to what's in the recipe. Why not just adjust the recipe to use a little sugar or  something and skip the powdered mix stuff.

I am from a suburb of Chicago & wow this sandwich is like home. I've made this recipe several times and there are hardly ever leftovers. The only changes I made is no salt, I use beef cubes instead. I use 5-6 depending on the size of the roast. (We normally get a 5-6 lbs.) I cook it on high for 6 hours. At 4 hours I start shredding it a little bit while using a ladle to pour juice over the top. After 6 hours, it's shredded or close too. Then I cook it on low for 2-4 hours. It can  be eaten after 6 hours on high but I prefer to let it sit in the juice. The first time I made it my husband took a bite & just said "I love you so much" 🤣 thanks for sharing!!

Loves 2CookNew it would be a fantastic recipe. It was a huge hit and will be in the top of our rotation for the family and when friends come over. We followed the recipe in the crockpot on low for 12 hours. It was so moist and flavorful everyone LOVED it. What little was left over the next day was even tastier. You know some things are always better after setting overnight. But if we tried that I don’t think it would make it through the nite because once it would be found it be devoured. ITS JUST THAT GOOD! We used Ciabatta rolls to made sandwiches. After pouring the hot herb mixture over the meat we added 1/2 of the juice from a 12 oz jar of sliced Pepperoncini’s. Then at the 10 hour mark we added 1/2 the jar of sliced Pepperoncini’s as well as 2 sliced Red Bell Peppers and 8 oz of sliced Mushrooms. THANK YOU MAUREEN for sharing this fantastic recipe.

Very good!!! I didn't have to make any adjustments. After lightly toasting slices of Italian bread, served with the cooked beef, hot pepper rings, and provolone cheese - melted together under broiler. Will definitely make again.

I do as suggested below and use 2 cups of beef broth and one cup of water and two packages of Italian dressing mix.

I had a 2.5 pound of tip roast. I didn't have Italian dressing mix. I used italian season mix in addition to the recipe seasoning. Used only 2 cans of beef broth. Used an electric knife to slice. It tasted great to us. Question, what to do with all the extra juice.

