One small tip. If you freeze the mozzarella sticks before coating and frying they will not melt in the hot fat.

This was a MESS!  I consulted with someone I know that works in an Itailan restaurant, and this is NOT the way you make them!  All you need is a few beaten eggs, and some itailan flavored bread crumbs with a little garlic powder mixed in. First dip the mozz. sticks in the egg mixture then the italian bread crumbs, then back in the egg mixture then back in the bread crumb mixture. Make sure they are completely coated. The oil shouldn't be any hotter then 350 degrees, then put the sticks in the oil for just about a minute, just until they float up to the top of the surface, and they're done! You can also use the same procedure with a block of mozz. Just don't cut the block any thicker then 1/4 inch. I hope this helps.

Changes were made to be more suitable and have less waste. I’ve never made homemade before and after reading the recipe I thought there was too much flour and breadcrumbs being used.Adjustments were reduced to 1 1/4 c breadcrumbs with just a 1/4 tsp garlic salt,  1/3 c all purpose flour with 1 tbsp cornstarch with addition of Italian seasoning. The egg mixture remains the same as in original recipe. If I hadn’t made changes there would have been a lot of flour wasted. Breadcrumbs were at a minimum.I double dipped all but 4 pieces of the cheese. The remaining 4 were triple dipped. I then placed in freezer for 30 minutes and only pulled out 7 pieces to cook. The remaining pieces were placed in a freezer ziplock baggie and marked appropriately.The 7 pieces were placed in cast iron Dutch pot on elec. stove setting 5 1/2 to 6 heat setting. Cooked all pieces until golden brown, but the cheese barely started oozing out of the double dipped sticks. The triple dipped held all the cheese and maintained heat for every bite to be soft with the melted consistency I love in cheese sticks.I know the process is messy to say the least but it’s well worth it. I highly recommend the triple dip method in you love melted cheese (like what you get on a fresh hot pizza).

Thank you for the recipe they were delish! If you want crispy cheese sticks instead of messy ones you have to double dip them after you finish dipping them go back and drop them back into your egg mixture and back into the bread crumbs and they turn out PERFECT!!

These were just amazing. And if you put them in the oil an they come out destroyed you just have to put more bread crumbs and 2 in the pan at a time worked best for me. BTW I'm 12 and I figured it out💀😂

These turned out AMAZINGLY! I doubled the entire recipe because I was making 24 sticks. Definitely did not need to do this. I ended up throwing away so much leftover flour mixture, egg mixture, and breadcrumbs. I even did a DOUBLE coating. After coating them all once, I went back and dipped them in the egg and breadcrumbs again. This is essential to prevent leakage and also adds an extra crunch. The best ones were the ones that took about 45 seconds to be done. I don’t know what temperature my oil was at. Highly recommend this recipe!!

After you bread them, put them in the freezer. They fry better if frozen.

so crunchy and delicious!!!

The cheese quite literally leaked out within a minute, I guess 30sec would have maybe worked, but didn't feel that would've been long enough. Tasted good, but can't fully enjoy.

They were so good

This is a great recipe! I seasoned the flour and egg mixtures too. I was not thinking at first and the cheese melted. So the most important part of this is keeping to the 30-second timing in the oil!

