We visit Jamaica once a year, but that isn't enough to get our fill of the awesome jerk chicken we eat in Negril.  I found this recipe and decided to try it based on the reviews.  I used Habenero pepper instead of the jalapeno, dried Thyme instead of fresh (1/2 recipe calls for since it was dry), added about six cloves of garlic, and one kiwi.  It is very much like the chicken at DeBuss in Negril, but not as spicy.  We then used the leftover mix (you'll have tons leftover you can freeze for later) on some Halibut that remained frozen, then defrosted for three days in the fridge.  The flavor was very different on the Halibut; not nearly as spicy and more of an Oriental flavor (probably the soy sauce really sinking in the fish), but yummy still -just in a different way.  This is a very easy rub to prepare, and it worked great under the broiler and on the grill.

This was a delicous recipe. I've been to Jamaica and the flavors of this recipe took me back. I used a Jalapeno pepper and the chicken was not too spicy. For those of you that love heat, you may want to go with a Habenoro pepper.

This was amazing. I did add garlic. 
So tender  did it on oven with both grill and bake setting.  Yummy 
I did use green onion spice in place of green onion.

This chicken turns out great every time even though I never have the exact ingredients on hand.  I use about 1/4 cup of soy sauce, 1 tsp dried thyme, and either green onions or regular but not both.  If I don't have jalapeno, I use banana rings and pour in some of the juice.  It's also good with a splash of lemon or lime juice and a dash of habanero sauce.   We serve it with corn on the cob and Chef John's Best Baked Rice and Beans.

This recipe was delicious.  I used it to marinade country ribs and then cooked the ribs on the bbq grill, slowly.  I also reserved some of the marinade pre-blending.  I added some brown sugar, cooked it on the stovetop, and served it over the ribs.  It was really good.

This recipe is the bomb.com yall!!! However, instead of marinating the chicken overnight I cook it in a slow cooker with about 2/3 of the marinade. I then either broil or grill the chicken after and use the remaining marinade as a dipping sauce. Also instead of breasts we prefer using whole cut up chicken.

Great flavor, not that spicy. Double the recipe, though, because it never seems like it makes enough.

Followed the recipe to the t,  yet didn't taste like jerk chicken.  No bite or spice, was missing something.  Tastes like soya sauce and onion marinade.  For the work involved in marinade prep, quite disappointing.

It’s very good. Next time I’ll add cornstarch to the sauce so it will cling to the chicken better and add more flavor.

This recipe makes for tasty Chicken....but it’s not Jerk!   This is aEuropean white man’s version of Jerk and not even close to authentic.   For example....Soy Sauce???   My Jamaican family, that have lived off the land for decades in the hills of Portland Jamaica and Jerk everything they cook...have NEVER had Soy Sauce in their pantry.  They prepare their Jerk with herbs and spices they grow from their Jamaican land...most of which you’d never heard of.  This recipe is an amateur Jerk recipe....very amateur.  Someone that knows how to Jerk will ask themselves after reading this amateur recipe...soy sauce???!  And where’s the beef mint???  :)

I wasn't so sure of the marinade - I over-pulverized it in the food processor and it was quite liquidy.  Yum, yum, and yum.  Made no modifications.    Okay, I only used the green onions I had remaining which was 4 - but they were big.  My 11 year old said it was the best chicken I have ever made.  There was a lot of excess marinade.  Perhaps next time I will freeze some to use in the future.  This is definitely going into rotation.

