Wanted to clarify about adding the water. You add the water after you add the chicken, carrots, potatoes and seasonings to the oil and curry mixture. You add it gradually as the mixture thickens. You can add more or less water as needed.

I have been making this now for several years, it turns out great.  I add a little more curry to it.   I slice my potatoes and use the small carrots in the bag so the longest part of making this is prepping the chicken.

This recipe was really easy to make. I took a few of the tips from other reviewers, like substituting some of the water with coconut milk and being cautious to not add too much salt.  I've made curry chicken before, but it NEVER came out like this.  This was superb!

I want to give this 10 stars!

The best i've ever eaten.

For what its worth I added my personal notes:

instead, used a sprinkle of onion powder on the chicken meat then a half a large onion in with the liquid.  When adding the meat, I then added the other vegetables then continually mixed and let it cook until the curry darkened before adding the liquid.  When added the meat also added 3 chopped chilis with seeds. Used boneless skinless thighs. Used 3 cup chicken broth instead of water.  Used 4 cloves crushed garlic. Used 2 pinches of allspice. finally, after removing the finished meat from the broth, it was thickened using potato flakes, a generous amount was needed then let that SLOW LONG simmer until nice n thick.

I make it exactly as is and wouldn't change a thing, I love this recipe!

Just finished cooking and it came out very tasty! Followed almost to a T: Used dried thyme, dried chopped onion, powdered ginger, cut over 2 lbs chicken breasts into about 1in cubes, 1 can of sliced potatoes, 1 can of sliced carrots, 2 cups coconut milk (based on other reviews), 1 cup water, a dash of cayenne in place of scotch bonnet. It did come out watery instead of a gravy so I'll add flour before serving. 

Made with rice and peas, and spinach.

This was absolutely delicious. I did somethings slightly different because apparently I need to read better lol. It was my first time cooking curry. I will definitely make this again.

So yummy!

Great and easy recipe!  Hubby loved it...told me you better save that recipe!  I have a tendency to do that lol. Thanks

Simple recipe. Really easy and tastes good.

