Wow.  I followed the recipe exactly, this is a moist, delicious cake.  Do include the fresh grated ginger, it adds a unique and wonderful flavor.  My Jamaican friend says to make this really authentic use dark brown sugar, preferably Demerara - I'll try that next time.

This one looked pretty, but didn't grab me.  I agree with those who said it isn't too gingery.  I think those who thought it was, just don't like spices in that family all that much.  Anyway, if there is a spice "problem," it may be the cinnamon - too much of it.  It wasn't really identifiable as cinnamon, but more distracting from the ginger.  Mine came out kinda dry, but my pan was larger so I'm taking the blame.  I topped with a vanilla glaze & I think it needs more sugar in the cake itself - or maybe dark brown as suggested.  A good cake to have with coffee.  To end, I'm glad I tried it; but doubt I'll make it again.

This recipe makes a delicious, moist cake packed with ginger flavor that's not too sweet. I substituted unsweetened almond milk and added a tsp of galangal, a half tsp of fresh ground cardamom and a pinch of allspice to the dry ingredients. I sprinkled a tiny bit of bronze edible glitter on top, giving the finished cake a subtle shimmer. I shared this cake with a small group of friends -- it was a big hit.

Delicious

This cake tastes DELICIOUS!!  

I altered the recipe to make it gluten free and egg free.  I swapped 3/4 cup flax egg for the four eggs and 2 1/2 c. gluten free flour (brown rice, potato starch & tapioca starch) + 1/2 tsp xanthan gum.  

It came out a little chewy, but I suspect that the flax egg was the culprit.  I'll try it again with 1/2 cup and see if it works.  I'll also make it as cupcakes and add some crystallized ginger to the top for a lil' extra kick!

Super delicious! I can see me making this once a month. Basically followed the recipe except I'm not exactly sure how much fresh ginger I ended up with because I just grated everything I had. If I had to guess I went a bit over what was called for. I also didn't have enough brown sugar so substituted what I didn't have with cane sugar. It was probably 3 parts cane to 1 part brown and used a bit less than called for. I think it came out perfect but will try to follow things exactly next time to see the difference. 
Anyway, highly recommend this recipe.

No revisions. Made as is to rave reviews! Ages 8-80 all loved it (provided you like ginger )

With the COVID19 isolation I had to make some changes: I used 1+1/2 cups fresh ginger (peeled, dunked in boiling water, 
and pulverized in the food processor) and no dry ginger. I used leftover matzos ground back into "flour" for 2 cups of the flour. And I used allspice because I had no cinnamon.  It's still delicious! I was so glad to find this recipe so I could use all the fresh ginger I had!

It was okay but will not bake again.  It wasn't dry, but felt like it could've greatly benefited from frosting or a sugar glaze.

Excellent recipe.  I tripled the ginger root and added 1/2cup powder sugar to the batter.  It was delicious.  Needed only 40 minutes to bake.  Finished it off with 1Tbs lemon juice and 2/3 cup powder sugar glaze.

I will never not love this recipe! Follow it exactly but add MORE ginger.

