I have lived and loved Jamaican hard-do-bread all my life. I moved from Kingston to Atlanta for college and found it hard to get anything fresh like back-a-yard . Although this recipe was not an exact replica, it was sure the best bread I have had since I have been in the United States. I would recommend that a dish with water be placed in the oven before and during the baking process. This extends the cooking time by 10-15 mins, but gives a soft yet dry finish,which is hard to find in any other bread.

This bread is good in its own right, but I did not find that it resembled hard-do bread, and I am very familiar with hard-do bread since I grew up on it. Instead of the oil and margarine, I used shortening.  It also is a bread that has a slightly sweet taste, more so than normal bread, so that is something to be aware off.  I liked the bread but it was not what I expected.

My bread was soft and nice, a little hard on the outside and soft on the inside. I thought it was going to be "tight" like the Grenada $2.00 bread. I will add some "almond meal" to this recipe next time to add some fiber to my bread. All around, my family enjoyed it.

When I made this recipe as written, I did not find it to have the crumb of hard do bread. The recipe calls for too much yeast. The second time around, I used 3 1/2 cups King Arther all purpose flour, 1 cup plus 3 tsp water, 1 1/2 tsp salt,  and 3 tbs lard instead of butter/oil. I also brushed it w/ a whole egg and cream egg wash.

Definitely will make again.

I love hard dough bread. I grew up with a Jamaican step father and this is one of the things that I loved he would buy. This doesn’t taste like what I’m use to, but it’s good in it’s own right. It was gone before it had fully cooled!

Its edible, it doesn't taste great and it doesn't taste like hardo. Perhaps I've done something wrong

I did make a few changes to make a bigger loaf (4 cups flour). I also increased the salt to 2 tsp. I also used scalded milk instead of water. I think the most important thing is to bake the bread after 15-20 minutes rise. This keeps it dense. Do not let it double in size. Great recipe. Made even better if you do a bread starter the day before or at least 2 hours before making the dough.

Very good taste, but softer texture than hard do. I will be making this again and again.

So I decided to make bread for the first time and this was my first choice and it turned out great. I love this bread I grew up on this bread and now I'm going to be making this bread all the time!?

I found it to be very bland! Definitely not making this again.

