It's too bad somebody messed up their rating for this recipe, because it's got a really terrific flavor.  My only changes were to cut the recipe down to 2 servings, but I still used a whole habanero (3x the listed amount), and I left in the seeds and veins.  I used half the suggested amount of cilantro, dried instead of fresh, and broiled the chicken for 20 minutes instead of grilling.  With the extra, unseeded pepper this was extremely hot, but still irresistable!  Next time, and there will be a next time, I'll probably remove about half the pepper seeds, and use a little less cinnamon, and will definitely serve this with applesauce or something else to help cut the heat.  If you aren't familiar with habaneros, they're one of the hottest peppers you can get, but they have a unique sweet taste that goes fantastic with chicken (and IMHO they freeze really well), so don't substitute if you can avoid it.

I've been in jamaica many times, and pretty much found this recipe to be quite boring.  I thought the habenero's would kick it up, but not really.  Will look for something with more taste and will toss this one.

it was also way too sweet.

I didn't even make it to the eat part. I followed everything exactly and tried the marinade before I even put the chicken in it. It was, um, just gross. Definitely not for me, which is weird because I love all the ingredients that go in it. Something is just off in this recipe. The balance of spiciness, saltiness, sourness and sweetness must be considered not only in each dish, but also between the six or more dishes shared per sitting, and this recipe fails miserably.  For those who want to try this recipe, I recommend reducing the spices. It overpowers the marinade.  I am disappointed. Oh well.... not all recipes are for everyone.

I took a big risk with this recipe by making it for a party of over 30 people without testing it first, and was made very nervous by the smell of the marinade (which before cooking isn't very pleasant) and the smoke when cooking it on the stovetop (it set off the fire alarm 3 times before I was done cooking, and filled the house with smoke!), but ultimately it did not disappoint!   Everyone loved it, even one of my friends who is from the Virgin Islands.  I adjusted the recipe for 25 servings, and rather than using the 4 habanero peppers, I just used one jalepeno pepper without seeds, and it still came out great but not too spicy.

This is really good! My husband liked it, too. Restaurant quality and flavor. Made twice already. Will make often.

I am in love with this marinade in general. For my family's sake I omitted the habanero and substituted three seeded jalapenos. I seared the chicken over hot coals then cooked it indirectly on the grill. Boil your marinade and pack it on the meat while it's cooking, the chicken is juicy and superbly flavored! This is definitely going into our regular rotation!

Cinnamon and nutmeg are a little overpowering , I would recommend decreasing these spices .

The kids and hubby enjoyed this so it's a keeper. I didn't use pepper, sugar or cilantro so it was not spicy but still was flavorful.

This was great, so much flavour.  I used half a red onion and half a habenero and it was enough, my toddler loved it.  I made the full recipe so we had leftovers and made quesidillas the next night yum!

Great marinade! will definitely make again. Really good served with a mango-pineapple salsa!

