This didn't turn out for me.  It didn't look anything like the picture either.  Although my husband and son liked it, I didn't care much for it.  I may try again, but grill instead of broil.  **Update to my first review.  I am now giving this 5 stars.  I made some mistakes the first time I made this, so when its prepared correct it's delicious.  The one thing I keep forgetting to do is hold out part of the marinade to pour over after cooking, but even without it the flavor is great.  We also grilled it this time instead of broiling and it is definitely better cooked on the grill.

OK, so maybe I am merely a novice in the kitchen, but here I am preparing this dish (it's marinating as we speak) and my hands start burning.  How was I supposed to know not to touch the pepper with my hands?  Apparently (now that I have researched the Habenero peppers online) you are not supposed to touch these peppers with your bare hands (i.e., you are supposed to wear rubber gloves) and you must wash the cutting board and knives to prevent the spreading of this capsaicin in the pepper which can burn your skin upon contact. I THINK THIS IS SOMETHING THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN INCLUDED IN THE RECIPE DIRECTIONS!!  Some sort of 'handling instructions or warning' and what to do if you happen to come into contact with this capsaicin.

I am so disappointed, I am ready to dump the dish and start something else for dinner.

I wasn’t gonna wait an hour to marinade the chicken but I did marinate it for 35 minutes. I made rice and topped it all with the leftover 1/4 of sauce. I enjoyed the flavor! I also used jalapeño rather than habanero. Our broiler also doesn’t work so I did it in the skillet for a bit so hey! Make it work.

Love it eat it all the excited to see someone  posted the recipe

Great recipe.  I marinated for 90 minutes and put the chicken on a BBQ (with a BBQ mat).  I BBQ'd on high for 5 mins, then flipped it for 3 more minutes.

Needs to be stuck on the grill outside instead of the broiler I think, will give that a go! perfect level of spice though

Easy recipe, except curious to know what temperature "broil" is. I only needed half the cooking time because the strips were thinner than 1". I used 475F for a broil and cooked 8 mins. Will definitely make again.

Made this jerk chicken recipe exactly and it was delicious
Instead of a side of rice, I made a wrap with leafy green lettuce and some tomato slices and served it with corn on the cob
I WILL definitely make this again!

Yum! Excellent with rice & slaw!

I really enjoyed this recipe. The only things I did differently we’re that I used bone-in/chicken thighs with skin instead of the boneless chicken breast and I used only a half habenero pepper because my family doesn’t eat too much spicy. Will definitely make this recipe again!

This has become one of my go-tos for many years.

