Amazing flavor - just the right mix of sweet and spicy.  I used serrano peppers since I couldn't find scotch bonnets. Also used 2 onions instead of 3.  Marinated 3 pounds of thighs for 2 days and grilled. My wife and I both loved it and will definitely be cooking this again.

A perfect recipe. This Jerk Chicken recipe comes out perfect every time.

Yummy.

This makes ALOT of marinade so don’t use a food processor as it will splash out.  My family Loved It!  I saved more for reserve than stated in recipe. Used it in ground Turkey burgers and they were also awesome!

The only change I made was that I used fresh squeezed orange juice because I had oranges on hand . It was the best Jerk Chicken I have ever had. I remember it just like I was eating it on the beach in Jamaica many years ago!! My fiance loved it, he had it for the first time. So much complex flavor. It went well with Caribbean rice and beans I made plus mango avocado salsa. We will definitely make it again!!!

The only change I made was that I used fresh squeezed orange juice because I had oranges on hand . It was the best Jerk Chicken I have ever had. I remember it just like I was eating it on the beach in Jamaica many years ago!! My fiance loved it, he had it for the first time. So much complex flavor. It went well with Caribbean rice and beans I made plus mango avocado salsa. We will definitely make it again!!!

Served with red beans and rice with a side salad.

This recipe is amazing - didn't change a thing. The right amount of flavour and heat. So flavourful. Make sure to use bone-in and skin-on thighs as it really adds to the flavour. This makes a TON of marinade and is super simple - just add all ingredients to a food processor and you are done. This is now one of my favourite chicken recipes for sure. My friends still rave and ask for it. Having it again tonight! Yum!

“Best chicken EVER,” - my 5-yr old. I omitted the hot peppers but left everything else as it.

Don't know how someone could find this bland!  It had a lot of flavour!  I love spicy but only used 4 peppers instead of 8.  Absolutely delicious!!!

