This is a really nice change from traditional banana bread but I have a couple of comments.  As written it makes one 9 x 5 loaf (not two).  Also, I recommend baking at 350 degrees.  At 375 it got too brown and the baking time was too long.  I pulled out of the oven after 50 minutes when I noticed how brown it was and it probably would have been better if I'd caught it 5 minutes earlier.  Next time I'll bake it at 350 and watch it close towards the end.  I didn't bother to toast the pecans and I don't think it made much of a difference and it was easier.  I will definitely make again with these changes.

It was good, but I won't make it again.  
Here are things I would recommend for someone making this:
It makes *one* loaf.  I would use 350 degree oven as it was near burning after 50 minutes.
The topping is good, but falls off when you cut the cake.  I would recommend stirring the coconut and pecans from the topping into the batter itself, then preparing the glaze part of the topping only.  Skewer the cake before you apply the glaze so it sinks in.  This way you still have all the "jamaican" elements, and the glaze really is quite tasty.
The cake itself was moist and had a nice texture, so I may refer to this idea of using cream cheese in the future on other banana bread recipes.

Amazing texture and flavor. I increased the lime zest and made double the amount of the glaze. The family is raving about it and I'm sure to make this again.

I made this in one loaf pan. My son said it was the best banana bread he's ever eaten!

I forgot to mention that I omitted the lime element. Didn't miss it.

I love this recipe for banana bread! The only real downside for me is the length of the list of ingredients.  This many ingredients means I don't always have everything on hand at all times. Also, this lengthens the amount of time needed for preparation. As I have mobility and health issues, I don't always have the strength to tackle it!
As other reviewers have noted, it only makes one loaf of banana bread not two. I baked it in a 9 X 5 loaf pan at 350 degrees.

I made this exactly as the recipe instructed except doubled.  It was excellent!  A double batch made 3 medium size loaves.  Oven temp was great for me.  Bread was moist and delicious.  Will definitely be making again.    Took to work and it was gone instantly. Several peopled asked for the recipe.

This is a delicious banana bread, although it really didn't taste different from "regular" versions with the exception of the topping. 
I followed the advice of other reviewers and baked at 350, then watched it carefully. It came out moist and golden brown. With as involved as this recipe is, I doubt I'll make it again when I could just make the usual. 
I am taking it to a holiday party and am sure it'll be well-liked.

I've made this banana bread a few times. I add nutmeg, cinnamon, allspice and almond extract to give it that extra bit of flavour.

With alterations this dish turned out great. First,  I used 3 tablespoons of dark rum and 2 tbs of coconut rum and omitted vanilla.  I also added about 1/4 - 1/3 cup of coconut milk as I didnt have coconut flakes on hand.  As others suggested,  I baked at 350 for around 50 minutes- I divided the mixture so my bread pan was only 2/3 full.  Lastly, I made the glaze without coconut and nuts.  The rum and coconut flavor is not overbearing but enough to give the bread a bit of flavor.

I took a suggestion from above and baked it at 350 instead of 375 so it wouldn't get too brown or too hard. I also watched it closely towards the end and had to take it out a few minutes early. Every oven is different, that's for sure. I also did 1 1/2 cups smashed banana to bring out more of the banana flavor. With everything that goes into this recipe, the banana flavor can very easily be overpowered. This bread has an awesome flavor. A fantastic way to stray away from traditional banana bread and try something new.

