After reading reviews, I decreased the cinnamon and red pepper. Also added sliced mushrooms, a diced red bell pepper, and more pineapple juice + cornstarch to make a sauce. Came out wonderfully flavored (and the red pepper was a welcome touch of color) and not too spicy. Served over brown rice. Will make again, using 2 bell peppers in different colors, and maybe a sweet onion.

Way too much cinnamon.  In fact, if I make this dish again, I would probably leave it out completely.  Pretty spicy.  Also good leftover.

My family loved it, but next time we are using rice instead of pasta.

I made this for my husband.  I don't like spicy food. I had caribbean jerk seasoning and he loves spicy food so I made it for him. He absolutely loved it. I did not have the coconut so it's the only change to the recipe that I made. His words to me was "Remember this recipe to make it again for me!" So thanks for a great, easy recipe!

Made this last night with some cut up chicken thighs (because that's what I had) and it was wonderful over some Jasmin rice.  I did cook chicken in coconut oil.  Will make with breasts for company in the future it is so good and so easy.   Thanks to your hubby.

Recipe from the internet, working with chiles isn't easy so many are buying the product online.
For jerk marinade:
3 scallions, chopped.
4 large garlic cloves, chopped.
1 small onion, chopped.
4 to 5 fresh Scotch bonnet or habanero chile, stemmed and seeded.
1/4 cup fresh lime juice.
2 tablespoons soy sauce.
3 tablespoons olive oil.
1 1/2 tablespoons salt.

We will make this again, it was very good over rice.

I do not like pineapple bit in my food but beside that it was descent

This turned out delicious. I also added mushrooms and red pepper after reading someone's suggestion.  And added a little (1 tsp) of corn starch to thicken up the pineapple sauce. Really tasty recipe!

I liked this a lot.  I made it with my best friend and I've made several changes each time I've made it.  I made it with and without the coconut and it tastes the same.  Though if you don't like the texture of coconut, you may want to make it without.  That's how I plan to make it from now on.  Also, I've added some cayenne pepper to give it a bit more of a spicy kick to it.

I wanted to have leftovers so I used three chicken breasts, added more pineapple and most of the juice from the 20 ounce can of pineapple I used, was generous with the spices, but halved the cinnamon and accidentally omitted the crushed red pepper. The dish was really spicy which I believe resulted from the jerk seasoning I used, but my husband and our friend loved it. I served this over rice and the only thing I will do differently next time is test the jerk seasoning before adding more.

