I don't give out a five star rating for everything that comes along. I think that by doing so, it diminishes the effectiveness of the rating system. That said, I must say that I really liked this recipe! I made the marinade as the instructions said. It was soo good. Please don't tweak this, it doesn't need it. I have used this recipe to season boneless skinless chicken thighs, served over rice. It was great!

We found these too spicy, but that might be because I subbed a different kind of pepper. Will try again with fewer peppers.

This is definitely a good recipe.  I modified it.  I used one jalapeno pepper instead of 3 habaneros.  Then I substituted 3 lbs. of drumettes with 3 lbs. of wings.  Other than that, delicious!!!

Best non buffalo chicken wing recipe that I have made, and I have made a plethora. Super crispy on the outside yet juicy on inside with a perfect combination of spices. No need to change a thing except the number of habaneros based on the level of heat you desire.

Chef John. Thanks for sharing this  tasty recipe. I didn't have wings on hand, but the drumsticks I prepared came out great. I followed the recipe, but should have worn gloves for  handling the extra hot habañero peppers. I paired with Caribbean rice and avocado/mango salsa for a "make again" result.

Photo may not be appealing but followed exact directions. Amazing.

This image is while the wings are marinating. I forgot to get a picture after cooked. The flavor is delicious. I plan to make them again and I will take a picture once cooked. Highly recommend this recipe. I  did not change anything. I cooked longer to get crispy. I’m going to use this recipe to make cauliflower wings for one of the guests we are having as well.

Chef John is brilliant!

fabulous recipe, I didn't change anything but I did add something. My friend from Jamaica suggested I add coconut milk to the marinade and it turned out fantastic.

I was a little afraid to try these because of the peppers! Glad I did Tho! Soo good! Thanks Chef John!

Yeah dude! Thank you, I just followed your recipe and that was fantastic man thank you!

