This isn't bad but let me give you guys a little tip. You don't have to use all these ingredients to get jerk chicken.  All you have to use is jerk seasoning, onion, thyme, a few pimento seedsand hot peppers. Just add enough powder seasoning that will give it taste. Then use a fork to put some holes in the chicken so that the inside of the chicken can soak up some of the seasoning. Preferably leave it over night in the fridge so that it can marinate and taste better. Then take it out about 30mins prior to cooking then just put it on the grill for about up to and hour or less. Then serve  That's the Jamaican recipe I know because I'm Jamaican

This wasn't what we expected. The cinnamon is just weird in this recipe. If I make jerked chicklen in the future, I will definately use a different recipe.

Sorry to say it did not have any resemblance to Jamaican or Caribbean at all.  Used all fresh ingredients.  To me and ALL of my guest tasted like pure clove with a hint of cinnamon. Yes, it was eatable.

We really liked this. Seeing some reviews on “mild” I minced a whole, small jalapeño. I also used orange concentrate vs juice as my on-hand OJ was + pineapple juice.  My husband liked boiling down the marinade into a sauce.  Added some heat (plus I already added more jalapeños) and overall - pretty good!

Really wonderful, and not very hot. You get a wonderful hit of cloves and allspice.  We loved it, but I do think I would up the jalapeno next time.

Pretty good if you like mild heat, but not hot enough to be true jerk. The pineapple was great!! I used the Brazilian recipe. I served this with coconut rice as a side since I couldn’t find plantains.

I made this and let it marinade overnight. My family loved it!

This is one of my favorite recipes!

Delicious.  Kids and hubby liked it!

This was simply delicious!! I followed the recipe pretty exactly, only I added a bit more ginger and doubled the orange juice. Marinated about 24 hours and it was oh so good!!

Ok ok ok, I didn't make my own jerk sauce. I had store brand jerk sauce, I boiled my chicken breast, pulled/shredded the breast, poured on half bottle of jerk sauce, baked the breast for about 10mins or so, and yum!! Also kid friendly:)

