Hi, everyone!!! I just made this recipe and it was a smash hit.. I made a few modifications though. I totally suggest using the Island Pepper Company, Island jerk seasoning as your jerk paste. It's the best paste you can buy and is superb. I like grilling my chicken but I chose not to. For the chicken, I took two boneless chicken breasts with jerk seasoning (3-4 tablespoons rubbed in) cooked them in a skillet with a tablespoon of olive oil until almost cooked. After that, I cut the chicken into strips and cooked until some browning occured. Then, mixed all the pasta egg noodles into the sauce with the chicken to follow. Simmer in the pan for 5 minutes and you have yourself a treat. If you have ever eaten at Bahama Breeze, this recipe mocks thier Jamaican Jerk Chicken. The key is the Jerk Paste... Try to find the Island Pepper Co. paste.. You will be totally satisfied. I blew myself away with the recipe. You should also try bowtie pasta for an awesome presentation..

I fell in love with Jerk Chicken pasta when I was in the Carribbean last July and came home and scoured the net for a similiar recipe.  I gave this one 3 stars because the taste was good, but the sauce never thickened up as it should have done. It was very runny. I made it a second time and made the following modifications which helped:  Use about 1/4 cup of the chicken stock, increase cream to 1 full cup and leave out the lime juice altogether. Also used penne pasta rather than egg noodles.  Also served with garlic bread (french bread with butter and minced garlic). Even at that, I still had to thicken the sauce with a cornstarch paste.  I cannot find the jerk paste, so I made some with McCormicks Carribbean Seasoning, add a little oil, soy sauce and apple cider vinegar to the spice to make the paste.

Best spicy and savory creamy at the same time

WOW this was amazing. I doubled the chicken stock and wine, used juice of half a lime, and didn't have heavy cream so used milk and cornstarch instead. Also added green bell pepper and onions with the garlic. Next time I will use two or three bell peppers.

Very tasty, but not enough sauce.

This was one of the entrees I used formy husbands retirement party.  This was a hit and I will make it again.  I got plenty  of compliments as well.  I did however, prepare extra sauce because pasta will soak up most.

Very good, just be sure not to overdue to the jerk paste unless you like it super spicy

Great recipe, combined with a couple others to duplicate a dish I had at Seabreeze in Clearwater.  For those saying they can't find jerk paste, here's an outstanding recipe. A bit of work but worth it.  https://www.christinascucina.com/a-taste-of-jamaica-authentic-jamaican-jerk-chicken-a-recipe-by-executive-chef-dwight-morris/  The dish I had in Clearwater was served over Angel Hair pasta and had sauteed mushrooms,  which I added as well.  White mushrooms are what restaurant used; I prefer baby bella as my son will eat those. I  didn't use cilantro as I don't like it, subbed fresh parsley from garden. Solved thin sauce issue by mixing a little cornstarch with small amount of the chicken broth to create a slurry; add in at end to thicken.

I made this and it was a hit.  I added peppers, onion. Lots of  chicken. Loved it

I loved it! I just wish I could have gotten the sauce a little thicker, otherwise amazing!

Absolutely delicious and it taste better than the one made in Bahama Breeze. The recipe was definitely on target.

