This is wonderful.  I used ground cinnamon instead of sticks because I didn't have any on hand, and it still turned out great.

I wanted to like this so much I made it for the first time for Turkey Day.  I love cinnamon, orange, cranberries, and Jamaican food.  I hoped it would taste spicy and comforting, but I think the orange zest made it too bitter.  I will not make this again.

I make this every year - RAVE reviews from a very picky family :-)

This was a good basic start. I added strawberries and grated orange to the recipe and cooked on high for three hours in the slow cooker stirring once an hour then removed the lid and cooked an additional half hour to reduce. I also cut my sugar by use sugar substitute. You can let cranberries sit in sugar a few hours before cooking also.

This recipe was published again in October/November 2020 Allrecipes magazine.
The recipe was modified in half. 
Superb, I have made various cranberry sauce over the years and I finally found my go to. The brown sugar, cinnamon stick and simmering it for a while gives it a genuine flavor. Everyone love it.

Absolutely love this recipe. Also made it by adding 1 can of pineapple tidbitspacked in 100% juice and that was also awesome!

Amazingly delicious, but don't "add water to cover the cranberries" - cranberries float! Had to simmer two hours to get it reduced. But it was incredible.

WOW...fantastic cranberry sauce.  I followed another reviewers suggestion and reduced it to 24 servings (12 oz bag). Since it's a 2020 Thanksgiving, only two of us.  I used all orange juice instead of water and OJ. Adjusted more brown sugar to taste.  It cooked in less than an hour and thickened beautifully without the need for cornstarch.  I'm sure the taste will be better after it stays in the fridge till serving it tomorrow.  Thank you so much...will share with friends this tasty and easy recipe.

I make this every year it's delicious. it's also great on cream cheese.

I would reduce the amount of water next time to only 1 cup. I had to cook it way too long to get the right consistency. I had to add corn starch to thicken. 1 Tsp of ground cinnamon was enough since I didn’t have the sticks.

Making it now but in reference to the instructions to “add enough water to just cover the berries”...cranberries float.  That’s how they are harvested. The farmers flood the fields. Soooo,  one might be adding too much water if trying to cover them. Just say in’. It smells so good.

