What flavor!  Having said that, I will say that both my fiancé and I felt that the habanero pepper overpowered the wonderful flavor of the salsa.  I LOVE spicy food, but even this was a bit much.  It was edible, but not as enjoyable as it could have been.  Maybe I added too much pepper.  Who knows?  Next time though, I will use jalapeno peppers or some red pepper flakes just to be on the safe side.  The combined flavors of the salsa were absolutely incredible.  I served it atop a bed of rice and with Jay’s Jerk Chicken as the main dish.  Definitely try this recipe, but pepper it to your liking.

I love this Salsa...except I make mine with Avocados. Very very tasty!

Oh yea! eating it right now :D good heat and sweet

It was great, will use more banana next time though.

REALLY loved this! I used poblano instead of green pepper and left out the habanero. I also used shallot and fresh chive flowers in place of the green onion. The purple was very pretty in it. Served this with Oprahs coconut risotto ( made with coconut rum instead of wine) and grilled jerk shrimp. A gourmet night in Jamaica!

love love love - awesome recipe!

Yum!  My husband was downright scared of this experiment, even though he loves apple salsa and watermelon salsa.  But when he tasted it, he loved it.  TIP:  Make the salsa without the banana ahead of time to allow the flavors to mingle.  If you make it very much ahead of time, you might even wait on the cilantro.  Then add the banana/cilantro sometime during the last hour - might be able to stand another banana at that - at least another half, and our banana was not small. OTHER CHANGES NEXT TIME?  The fresh ginger I used had been peeled for a little while, so maybe that's the reason, but we could barely taste the ginger, even after allowing it to sit for a bit.  So we'll put in the called for amount, allow to sit a bit, and then season to taste as needed.  Happened to throw in a banana pepper, and that was a hit, but would add several.  Had no habanero, & only added a touch of jalapeno.  Spice doesn't come through this terribly fast.......   (used one slice of pickled jalapeno with a good bit of juice, no heat, my husband liked it anyway though he likes heat).  Only put in 2 T of cilantro, and that not ahead of time.  That was just right for those of us who think that cilantro tastes like soap (which is a genetic thing, I hear tell).  A bit of rice, a bit of fish, and a lot of Caribbean Cole Slaw (from this site) and all these veggies in this salsa made a plate of full of yum without guilt. Anyway, thanks for another fun recipe!  Will make again for sure.

five star...because its easy and works well white fish.  Adds color to garlic mashers.

Followed others advise and only added bananas prior to serving. Other than that followed recipe exactly. There was not one drop left over !! Was served as a regular salsa with lime chips.

Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! We made this recipe for a Jamaican themed party and everyone loved it! We spooned the salsa over jerk chicken and grilled turkey burgers! Since a habanero pepper seemed a little to hot we subbed a jalepeno. This salsa will definitely be on our menu this spring/summer!

