I found this recipe to be very good used in the crock pot.  Instead of using the mixture as a marinade, just put it in the crock pot with either the chicken as indicated or with a good pork shoulder.  The flavors REALLY come out in the slow cooking process and gives a very aromatic and great tasting jerk flavor.  Note though, I used one habanero pepper.  If you really like it hot, add more, but know that you get the full effect from the pepper in the crock pot!

POOR TASTE; LONG TIME TO MAKE. VERY POOR COMPARED TO AUTHENTIC JAMAICAN CHICKEN.

I expected my flavor from this recipe.  I had it marinating for over a day.  Not sure if I would make it again.

Out of all the jerk recipes I’ve seen on this sites, this one most closely resembles true jerk. But you need to remember a couple of things here: real jerk MUST use scotch Bonnet habaneros; no other variety will m give the authentic flavour. Secondly, the term “jerk” actually means grill. Traditionally really jerk meat, whether chicken, pork, or seafood, was done on a grill with pimento wood charcoal. Since it’s hard to get this wood overseas, you need to at least use real charcoal grill to cook the meat. Gas  grilling and, heaven forbid, oven baking, will not suffice, if you’re trying to approximate real Jamaican jerk as closely as possible. Also marinate overnight in a fridge if possible.

I used chicken thighs instead of breasts.  That provides more fat, so I left out the oil.  As another reviewer pointed out (look through the comments), I added about a half cup of Bourbon and instead of marinading for at least 2 hours I marinated for at least ~24 hours.I really like the Jamaican Jerk Chicken at our local farmers' market, but this was better.Thank you for the recipe!   This is a do again for sure.

I didn't have all the ingredients so I added some bourbon. It made the chicken sweet and juicy!

A lot of work for little flavor. Yes, it was completely edible. Time return on investment was a disappointment. I’ll keep searching for a reliable recipe.

I put all the marinade ingredients into the food processor and blended it away vs folding it in.  This was just spicy enough and I was told it was a make again.

Really did not taste like jerk chicken to me...

As close to the jamaican recipe i got when I was in Kingston!
So  good!

Not my favorite

