Very good recipe! After trying this the first time, I doubled the cayenne pepper for a really good approximation of Jamaican jerk spices. (But I would recommend trying the recipe as written before adjusting the pepper.)

This was just ok. I didn't really find it spicy at all and the cinnamon & sugar were a little overpowering. Next time I will reduce the sugar, eliminate the cinnamon (but keep the all spice) and increase the cayenne pepper.

This recipe was a good recipe, I'm not a big fan of jerk but I thought I would try this.  I was able to eat it, if I don't like something it will be hard for me to eat it, wouldn't.... if that tells you anything. So I was able to finish my plate, but I wouldn't make this again, just cause jerk isn't my thing.

Very moist and full of flavor.  We doubled the cayenne and added garlic powder and Italian seasoning.

The taste was good. But it takes forever to marinate to really get solid flavor. 8 hours was not enough.

Well...I'm not sure what this is, but it is most certainly not Jerk.  I guess it's ok if you're into Lemony Cinnamon Allspice Pork, but I can't really imagine recommending this to anyone.

Fantastic!  Simple to prepare and full of flavor.

Only gave it four stars because 3/4 c of water is way too much. Otherwise, I loved the rub. The flavors were great and super aromatic. I served it with Hot Banana Salsa from allrecipes and coconut rice. I thought it was a totally yummy combination.

Caribbean Jerk Pork Chops' Haiku: "Very tasty chops, but not as good as 'Jay's Jerk', also from AR." Really liked these alot (allspice in anything always gets my approval), but this marinade can't quite stack up to Jay's Jerk marinade, which is similar, but has extra punch and extra jerk-y goodness. Not to say that these pork chops weren't obliterated the moment they left the grill and touched our plates.

Made this tonight for dinner and there is no way this is jerk. I easily quadrupled the Cayenne pepper, added red pepper, tripled the ground black pepper and added crushed red pepper and it still had no flavor and wasn't even remotely hot. In addition the chops had little to no flavor. Sorry for the bad review, I tried to salvage the dish.

These were a hit, I will use this recipe again!

