I've made this powder twice now, and just love it. As the description states, it is a milder tasting curry but still full of flavor. I made it as instructed, toasting the whole spices first and then grinding them with the turmeric. I strongly suggest you don't skip the toasting, it makes the spices so much more flavorful, and the aromas as you're making it are mouthwatering - you know this is going to be good!  I made a curry sauce with this powder by frying garlic, onion and ginger, then added the powder to "toast" it a bit in the wok. Then added coconut milk, salt and pepper, let it simmer for a bit, then the veggies: Potato, cauliflower, red bell pepper, corn and garbanzo beans. Deee-licious! If you want it spicier, add the hot pepper of choice, though I suggest habanero, since that's what is used in Jamaica.  I served alongside Jerk swordfish, hence the vegetarian version, but add any meat of your choice to the curry sauce.  I say again, Deee-licious.

This  "Jamaican Curry Powder"  is excellent when used with slices of hot pepper (as directed in the recipe). I have tried about 10 different curry powders, and this recipe (with the hot peppers added to the dish) is the most delicious. Thank you Monty for sharing your recipe.

This is a great recipe and tastes just like the Caribbean curries I had as a kid. I didn't think it would work without the usual Indian aromatics and the large amount of anise struck me as weird, but it actually works! Be sure to add lots of habaneros to the final curry, more than you would think. The curry mix is "sweet" and "high toned" so the heat absorbs well. When making the actual curry I also make sure to briefly fry the powder with browned onion (in addition to initially browning the whole spices when making the powder), which mellows the otherwise raw licorice flavor of the anise. It's not an all purpose curry powder (is there even such a thing?), but it makes a rocking coconut curry that has a definitive Caribbean taste quite different from the Indian variety of curries. Used the recipe many times and even wrote it down!!

Great combination.  Used dried Juniper Berries but rest of ingredients. Used teaspoons, instead of tablespoons, and poured straight into excellent Jamacian Patties recipe on .co.uk site. Very good flavour !! Will make a big batch now.

Five stars! The aroma and taste of this recipe as written are wonderful. The proportions, in my opinion, are accurate for an accent to any dish calling for curry. I used a mix of brown and yellow mustard seeds. I also had to use star anise powder instead of anise seeds due to unavailability. I ground this by hand and it took a while. I do suggest using a spice grinder if you have one. I didn't add the cayenne to the mix as I figured I could add it to the final recipe later. Thank you Monty for sharing this recipe.

I used this "Jamaican Curry Powder" to make a curried chicken recipe (Allrecipes, Curried Coconut Chicken, ROMA). I thought the curry powder smelled "flat" on its own; however, it was excellent when I added slices of Habanero peppers along with this curry powder to the dish as instructed in the recipe description. I make curries from all over the world, but this one is a new favorite. Thank you Monty for sharing your recipe.

Awesome curry powder recipe.  I no longer purchase curry powder.  My only problem is that my mother always takes my entire stash whenever she comes over.

This recipe results in the perfect curry mix!  Great flavour.  Don't make the mistake of skipping any of the ingredients.  All are necessary for this great blend.  Trust me.  I know my curries and this is one of the best I've come across.  Thanks Monty!

I've made this powder twice now, and just love it. As the description states, it is a milder tasting curry but still full of flavor. I made it as instructed, toasting the whole spices first and then grinding them with the turmeric. I strongly suggest you don't skip the toasting, it makes the spices so much more flavorful, and the aromas as you're making it are mouthwatering - you know this is going to be good!  I made a curry sauce with this powder by frying garlic, onion and ginger, then added the powder to "toast" it a bit in the wok. Then added coconut milk, salt and pepper, let it simmer for a bit, then the veggies: Potato, cauliflower, red bell pepper, corn and garbanzo beans. Deee-licious! If you want it spicier, add the hot pepper of choice, though I suggest habanero, since that's what is used in Jamaica.  I served alongside Jerk swordfish, hence the vegetarian version, but add any meat of your choice to the curry sauce.  I say again, Deee-licious.

