I was surprised how easy it was to prep and my family was astonished I made it. My husband said it's better than our fav restuarant dish.

This was a good recipe, but it was spicy enough.

I'm trying to figure out these 5 star reviews here for this pork because I was so disappointed in it.  A lot of time and energy getting all these ingredients out and putting it all together for a real nothing dish. What a waste of a tenderloin.  My husband didn't care for it either.

I made this today...the tenderloins were very tender and juicy! Nice n spicy, though some of the spices  would be omitted if I make it again(cinnamon &I nutmeg). I used a jalapeño and some cayenne pepper    I also served it with a raspberry sauce. Good marinade.

I'm so glad I found this again. I made it years ago and enjoyed, but stopped making it because I thought it was a little to adventurous for the little ones once they came along. Now they are a little older, and I was so excited to make it again, for them! I made this exactly as the recipe states, and it is amazing! If you are sure to not get any seeds in there, is has just the right amount of heat. I love spicy food, and this gives me enough heat for my palate, but not to much for the kids.  Will be adding this to my rotation!

Fantastic! Because half of my family loves spicy food and the other half cannot eat it at all, I processed the marinade without the habanero, divided the marinade, and added minced habanero to one part. I used rib-cut pork chops, and everybody loved them! Served with Jamaican Cabbage from this site.

Even with a couple of changes, this worked out very well!  Ok, more than a couple, but the flavors are still the same.  Used butterflied pork roast because it's cheaper.  Only marinated for 4 hours because I didn't have time to do more.  Cooked in oven rather than grill.  Used fresh cayenne rather than habanero because that what I had in the garden.  But even with all of those changes, the seasonings were the same and the pork was fabulous!!

This was delicious!  The only thing I did different was to omit the habeneros... I know jerk is supposed to be spicy but I didn't have any peppers on hand AND my hubby is a total spicy whimp, so I decided to just go for the flavor without the spice.  The meat was SO tender and flavorful and it was perfectly cooked after grilling for 6 minutes on each side.  It was just two of us and we polished off the whole tenderloin!

Fantastic, i butterflied the tenderloin and marinated rubbed in the majority of mixture in the center and then folded closed, placed on grill direct over coals for about 3minutes each side then placed away from coals and cooked for 30 minutes at 300.  This was the most moist tenderloin i have ever made grilled or not.  The kids loved it atually devoured it.  I served with Basmatti rice and a mango pineapple salsa with honey which complemented the spices of the meat.

Really Good, Used  dried Spices.  Highly seasoned!

I followed the ingredients list except for the green onions because I didn't have any and I let the meat marinade for about 3 hours. I cooked it on my grill pan instead of on the grill. This was very very good. Incredible flavorful. This one is company worthy.

