Loved it!!  I made this seasoning exactly as the recipe directed but poured the oil and seasoning over my chicken and into a ziplock and let it do it's thing all day while I was at work.  I love that I can whip this up with seasonings that I have in the cupboard too. **UPDATE**  Just 3 days later I tried it out on pork tenderloins.  2 one pound tenderloins in a ziplock, seasoning mix as recipe calls for and probably closer to 1/2 cup veggie oil. Marinated 4 hours. Baked at 425 for 25 minutes.  It made a gorgeous spicy, salty, and a little bit sweet crust on the tenderloins. Loved it even more than with the chicken.  I will decrease the salt to 2 tsp and increase the cayenne to 1/2 tsp next time as I think it might be a bit on the salty side and I'd like a little more heat .  Next time I'm going to try it on boneless chicken breasts.

I absolutely loved this receipe when it came out of the oven.  I was so anxious to eat the left overs the next day and was disappointed.  I will definitely make this again but only make just enough to eat that day.

I bought approximately 3 lbs of boneless, skinless chicken thighs.  I couldn't cook them right away, so after trimming off the extra fat, I combined the spices and oil, coated the thighs, and froze them. I made them today - defrosting and cooking at 400 degrees for 30 minutes. So good! Besides the cooking method, the only other thing I changed is I halved the cayenne pepper since we only do a little heat spice. I will definitely make this again!

I printed this recipe on my printer way back in 2008, and it’s still a family favorite!  Excellent recipe!

Excellent recipe!! Very delicious!!  Me and the family grabbed it up so fast, I forget to take a picture.  I did double the amount of Cayenne Pepper, for more spicy!!

I used exact recipe...well adjusted it to feed ten. Its in the oven now.. I cant wait to see how it turns out.

soooooo good! entire family loves it.

Best chicken recipe I’ve found on the Internet. The spices are perfect. The only thing I changed was I made a double batch and added a teaspoon of smoked paprika. 

I’m going to try making this in a smoker next time. I think it’d be perfect for that.

This is NOT jerk chicken. Tastes nothing like it.

This was a really good recipe!  I used all exact ingredients except for the dried minced garlic. I instead used fresh minced garlic.  It was spicy, but not over the top.  I also liked the hint of sweetness.  I will make this again!

I added all spices as written to a plastic bag with chicken cutlets. Let marinade in fridge for about 3 hours. Baked at 375 for 15 minutes. So flipping good. Everyone in my house loved it. Going in regular rotation here.

