I used this recipe and it came out just as I  wanted it.  I love it and it is just like the Christmas cake my mother bakes in Jamaica. I live in the U.K. now and I have search the internet looking for a good recipe and Sharon's is the best of them all.  Although I had the fruit blended instead of having them in as they were just soaked and I have also added 1/2 bottle of red label wine, 1/2 bottle of Grace Browning and even 1/2 cup more of white rum to my cake. While baking I placed a baking tray with water below to ensure my cake remain soft.

I'm really disappointed at this recipe.  After I spent time and money, it turned out to be something completely different from what I was expecting.  I ended up with so much batter, I filled up the two 9-inch round cake pans the recipe asks for, plus one 9x13 rectangular pan!!  When I put the cake pans in the oven, the batter started to rise nicely, but it suddently flattened, and I didn't open the oven door or did something to make it flatten.  The taste is not bad, but I couldn't taste the wine or rum at all.  I don't know if I did something wrong, but I read the instructions very carefully to make sure I was doing everything right.  This fruitcake turned out to be a pain in the neck.

It’s so close to being perfect, except I would double the fruit. There’s not enough by far. Also if you cook with a convection oven, use 325, I found 350 was a little too hot. I’ve made this twice now. It’s a great recipe. But if like me you prefer a good 50/50 cake to fruit ratio, add more dried fruit. Dates are great to use and I also used dried blueberries.

Great recipe.  I use it every year for Christmas cake. My preference for fruit is to use mixed peel, dried cherries, blueberries, raisins and apples. Soaking in red wine is what makes this fabulous. So many compliments - from those who like fruit cake of course!

I soaked dry fruits in wine and little rum for a night. It came out soft, buttery, and fruity.

This was great used it a few times, even double the ingredients and the results were still amazing...

This is  a great recipe I am not a baker but I have been using it for 3 years.  I have doubled the recipe and omitted the rum and molasses.  Turns out great!!

This is the second year I have used this cake recipe.  I used a blender to chop the mixed fruits then soaked it  in wine and little rum for a few days. We like it rummy. Usually Jamaicans soak for few months.  Soaking longer makes it better but few days is still good.  

Because I did this, I have to use my judgement in adding the right amount of wine to the  batter.  As usual the car turned out just the way I like it, very dark, fruity and extremely soft, the crumb does not fall apart, nor was the cake too dense and heavy.  Perfection.

I made three batches kept one for myself and the rest make excellent Christmas gifts.

I've used this recipe twice and I was pleased both times. The cake was soft and most. My family and friends love it.

It was great!

I soaked my fruit in equal parts wine and rum. I also added browning for color and more molasses. My husband loved it.

