I made this for a pot luck cooking competition and it won best of show. I beat out a bunch of ancient Jamaican cooks from the island!! hahahaaa.. this white boy can cook!!! ya mon...

I’ve been using allrecipes for YEARS and created an account just to review this recipe. I think making this recipe has changed how I will make rice as a side in the future to accommodate many different types of dishes. The texture and flavor were on point.I followed all instructions for the most part but made a few tiny changes. I used 1/2 the kidney beans stated in the recipe and added 1 cup of frozen peas and 1 cup of frozen corn with a splash of water after the rice had simmered for 20 min and continued to cook long enough to warm them through. I didn’t have a can of coconut milk on hand since I usually use coconut cream in its stead when cooking for richer flavor and texture. I didn’t have scotch or habaneros so I used a jalapeño which kept the heat low enough for my young children to enjoy without being dramatic. Same reason I added corn and peas, didn’t want to deal with announcing the dishes name and not meeting their expectations of green peas they are accustomed to. I made this to go along side Jamaican jerk chicken that I cooked in the instant pot, roughly chopped and then broiled in the air fryer to give it the charred bbq flavor. On hot days it’s a blessing to be able to take those appliances outside and create a home cooked meal from scratch from real ingredients and have it turn out to be an amazing meal that even the kids appreciate.

This was really good and it made sooo much.  Next time maybe 1/2 the recipe. I used a jalapeno and it gave it a nice little kick.

good dish, next time I make it I'll tailor it by reducing rice by 1/2 of current recipe. since the recipe does not have peas (and instead beans) I'd suggest changing the title to "Jamaican Rice and Beans"

Fantastic easy recipe that I couldn’t stop eating. WONDERFUL with jerk chicken or by itself.

Loved this was quick and easily done in one pot! I needed to add a little extra stock to soften the rice but otherwise spot on.  Used habanero pepper which brought the heat with the coconut milk calming it

A fave with my family. This is the 3rd time I’ve used the recipe and I’ve only made Jamaican food 3 times and each time my family devours the entire pot.

This is a very tasty version of this dish. I will make it again, although my family found it a little too spicy, so I might omit the pepper next time.

My most used recipe on All Recipes and my absolute favorite rice dish to make. So delicious, I use this when I make Jerk Chicken and a Jamaican-inspired cabbage slaw. It has some kick to it in a wonderful way and reheats very nicely all week!

First; in all fairness to this recipe- I am not a fan of kidney beans except in chili.  But I keep trying to!! This recipe checks all the right boxes; easy to make, great flavor and some nice but not overwhelming heat! We made a grilled jerk chicken recipe tonight and wanted to have a great side dish and tried this. If you like rice and beans; you will undoubtedly love this! I liked despite not being a fan of kidney beans and need to figure out a way to replicate bean-free. I used a whole jalapeño as no habenaro on hand (and good thing or my husband would have found too hot for him). I also used sweet yellow onion vs green (used all my green onions for the chicken).  Thank you! I will try this one again!

