Very good recipe just made a couple of changes.  I doubled the hot mustard (my family loves hot and spicy foods) and added some dill.  I am now in charge of making Deviled Eggs for EVERY function.  Thanks for the wonderful recipe.

Yuck! I hate to give a bad review but these were just awful and it was a shame to waste the eggs on this recipe. I threw out the entire thing as no one could even manage to get past the first bite.

I liked the spicinesss from the hot Chinese mustard but found the mixture needed more mayo. Very good after adding the extra mayo. Thanks for sharing your recipe!

Awesome! Added more mayo for consistency. Whipped with a hand mixer. Smoked paprika on top. Gone in seconds. So easy! Already have requests for the next party!

I could use Chinese hot mustard. I substituted the Chinese hot mustard for Dijon. It was delicious!

Normally, I love deviled eggs....and I´ve tried MANY recipes and flavors before.  But something was OFF in this recipe.  I didn´t like the flavor combination at all.  I finally just chopped up the deviled eggs, added a ton of lettuce, and made a type of egg salad pita sandwich (I certainly didn´t want to waste 6 good eggs).  The lettuce and pita ¨covered¨the flavor somewhat and made them edible.  Sorry...this did not work for me

Was nice and zippy, but for a real nice touch place a sliced jalapeno on top of of your deviled egg.  Delicious!  Great with a cold beer!

These are OK but I had to make changes for them to be good. I used probably 3x the mayo, replaced yellow mustard with dijon, put in about 2 T. pickle relish, and used dry mustard. I topped eggs with smoked paprika.

My husband and I have been making this recipe for years. We don't ever measure the mayonnaise or hot mustard; we just ad lib until we get the flavor we want. We also never use regular yellow mustard, we add a little sugar, and we garnish with cilantro.

Pretty good deviled eggs.  I didn't think it was really that spicy until I added another teaspoon of hot mustard, then I got some zing.  Maybe that's just me, though, since I love lots of yellow mustard and too much can be spicy as well.  I didn't buy the hot mustard but just grabbed one of those little packet they give you when you order Chinese, which worked just fine.  I also added a dill pickle spear, put everything in the food processor and let it combine.  Very nice.  Thanks for the recipe!

I love these but then again I put hot sauce on hard boiled eggs, very good twist to a rather bland favorite.  Thanks Bonnie.

