WOW! Flavorful and delicious! The only changes I made were using a few dashes of scotch bonnet pepper hot sauce (didn't have a pepper on hand) and I used dried thyme instead of fresh. When cooking the oxtail in the pan, make sure there are no onions, etc. with it otherwise the onions will burn. Instead of a pressure cooker, I cooked everything in my slow cooker on high for 6 hours - the meat was falling off the bone! Simply tender and delicious. I would omit the beans next time I make this - just didn't need it. I served them over hot cooked rice. Will DEFINITELY be making this delicious meal again and again!

What Jamaicans call "broad beans" in actually large cooked butter beans.  So this is what must be used if you want to be authentically Jamaican.    Either have a cup of butter beans (large dried limas) you have previously soaked and cooked to use in this recipe or use a (15 oz.) can of large butter beans 1 tsp. of pimento berries is far too much, and will overpower the flavor of the entire dish!  Try 1/2  tsp. instead.  Lastly if you do not like peppery hot food,  substitute 1/2 cup chopped bell pepper instead.

Finger-Lickin' good!

This is a good recipe. The ginger is great as is the allspice/pimento. I’m glad that she doesn’t use tomatoes ketchup or red wine these are personal taste, though. Soy sauce not necessary.

Delicious!!

I couldn't find all the ingredients like the All Spice and Farva bean. I used the Chick Peas instead. It still came out good. My hubby n children loved it. I enjoyed it as well.

I've been looking for a way to make oxtails the Caribbean way and this recipe is delicious. I can't wait to show off at gatherings with this hit.

Amazing, easy dish. Did with cabbage dish.

I made it in the Crock-Pot and the food was delicious.

Made in pressure cooker, sautéed onions and garlic separately then added it to the pressure cooker. Came out awesome will make again!

I have made this one several times. I double the onions and habanero. I do not use cornstarch.

