I've tried several mochi recipes (steaming, cooking in balls in boiling water) to make for a Girl Scout event.  Of the three recipes I've tried, I found this one is the best.  I lived in Japan for a year and found that this recipe has a great, soft texture.  I added two drops of red food coloring (which looks like traditional Japanese mochi).  You could also add two drops of green food coloring as well.  Traditional Japanese mochi is usually pink, green and white.  I LOVED the powder that is used in this mochi recipe.  I do not like using plain cornstarch (has a chalky feel), so the addition of sugar and salt made it perfect!  I can say that if it is cooked too long you will get  hard corners (I'd use the shortest cooking time).  I used an 8 x 8 glass baking dish.  If you don't have a plastic knife, just dip your knife in the powder before each cut.  I found that this worked well.  Also, mochi is kept at room temperature.  So, do not put in the refrigerator, or else you will get hard mochi.  Good luck!

it was pretty good, but i found that halving the sugar in the mochi itself and not putting any in the starch was better. i didn't have potato starch, so i used tapioca starch instead.

The recipe is alright I only use half a cup of sugar and I don’t put any sugar in the coating

WOW! quick, simple, and tasty!i crushed some peanut butter cookies and used them as filling. very good. crunchy and nutty. this is a really good recipe! I'll be trying this again!

I liked the recipe and the mochi was amazing!!!!!!!

I used icing sugar, corn starch, and an 8" silicon pan. Worked perfectly and so delicious.

It’s amazing! Incredibly delicious!

The recipe is so perfect. This recipe filled my heart with joy. I really miss Japan and this is just what I need. This recipe tasted like my favorite mochi street food place. This was the best recipe I tried yet! Thank you for sharing this

The Best My Family Loved It

I skipped the last step in process in order to spoon sweet red bean paste onto center instead.  I folded the rice dough over it, hand-rolled into round mochi!  Perfect, yet such an easy recipe!

I used 1 cup coconut milk heated on stove ( 1 can) and used less sugar. This was fun to make as I was able to microwave this recipe in metal bowl and I used a hand electric mixer to mix the heated coconut milk and arrow root powder egg into it  and I found it fascinating to see science in action using a  vegan egg substitute for the first time for the potatoe starch. I also was able to see it getting sticky in 2 minute intervals making sure to turn the mochi with a wooden spoon to get it microwaved evenly each 2 minutes. It took me 8 minutes to reach ideal consistency all togather. I will be adding mango in the middle and I will add pictures to show how it all adds up :) Interested how others did their variations.. 1st picture after 2 mins microwave 2nd picture after another 2 minutes

