This recipe gets four stars only because it does seem to call for quite a bit of personal tweaking based on individual taste.  However, the ingredients are just what you need to achieve that special Ginger dressing found in most sushi restaurants.
So, instead of tweaking batch after batch to reach your intended flavor, just keep close and coarsley chop each of the ingredients so they're readily available to toss into your blender as needed. And besides, I'm sure many of you true asian cuisine cooks know how little we ever measure ingredients!!  To further explain:

Ginger-(Best fresh from root or even the pickled kind--NOT powdered, it can add a bitter taste and ruin that light salmon color)
Peanut Oil-(NOT olive oil NOR sesame oil. Tried both to frightening results. The peanut oil is key! It's what makes the creamy taste and texture)
Celery-(only fresh, and don't be afraid of adding more--it gives the dressing that fresh, crisp taste)
Onion and Garlic-(NO powdered stuff either, this is where you can add a little bit at a time to your blender it can indeed over power your dressing)
Salt/Soy sauce-Use either, but I prefer Fish sauce as it doesn't ruin the color and since it's saltier it only requires a small amount)
The Ketchup-(I just recommend a bit of fresh tomato--using ketchup can also add a funnyl, stale taste)
The lemon juice & rice wine vinegar-(use the real stuff--it's not that expensive and both are versatile in lots of dishes)
The Pepper & Sugar-(Didn't feel the nee

I did not like the dressing and it did not taste anything like the one that is served in Japanese Restaurants. Too much oniony.

This is an excellent salad dressing.I gave it 4 stars since it didn't taste like the Japanese salad dressings I've had at restaurants.

Trick is to add a 2nd spoon of mayonnaise leave the lemon juice out and a extra spoon of water I didn’t use garlic at all and no celery either and add the ginger bit by bit and tasting it till is on your personal taste. Mine was very light on pink color not creamy either watery just perfect to my taste.

Great recipe, just like in the restaurants.Not sure why others are saying not to use peanut oil, it is a key ingredient that keeps it to style with the original.I'm a big believer on adjusting ingredients based on your preferences.  Me, I like to add more celery, it just freshens it up.Thanks for sharing

I  also used garlic powder onion powder & ground ginger & it was still good...way darker than I thought it would be & was wanting more of the light orange (yum yum sauce) color !

Loved it.  Didn't have celery but still tasted great!

Used Swerve in place of sugar, and didn't add the salt as I felt the soy sauce was salty enough.   Delicious!

I followed some suggestions by adding sesame oil. I also added less of the rice vinegar and added half of an apple.

Way too acidic, nothing, like the real thing. Proportions seem to be wrong

This is thinner than I remember the Benihana dressing I think this mimics but the flavor is quite good.  I cut it in half but otherwise made it exactly as presented.  I’ll definitely make it again.

