My roommate and I used this recipe as a base (and motivational factor in making sushi at all) for our own sushi.  Although we didn't have cucumber and avocado sushi, I am giving this recipe a 5 because we wouldn't have otherwise made it without this recipe inspiring confidence (this is a VERY easy dish).  We used things we had in the fridge to make our own "unique" sushi rolls.  They included (1) Pepperoni Pizza Sushi Roll: Use several pepperoni to make a line on the rice, add some mozzarella, a line of spagetti or tomato sauce (we used tomato basil sauce we had left over), sprinkle with crushed red pepper and garlic salt; (2) Roast Beef Sushi Roll:  a line of roast beef (we used sandwich meat) on the sushi roll, a line of cream cheese, and a line of red bell pepper;  (3) Turkey Sushi Roll: a line of sandwich turkey, line of avacado, line of wasabi sauce, line of cream cheese.  We also had several dipping sauces on hand, eg soy sauce, wasabi sauce, and spicy ranch (we couldn't find sushi mayo).  It was delicious, we are making more this week for a dinner party.  My boyfriend and his best friend stopped by during our meal and also LOVED the sushi!

When I first tried this recipe and read the reviews, I thought the guy who put one star and complained about glutinous rice was just a troll, so I ignored him.    However, he's right-- Don't use sticky/glutinous rice.  It's not the same thing as sushi rice, and it makes the nori taste fishy, along with giving the whole roll a sickly squishy feel.  Instead, use normal asian short grain rice, or "sushi rice".  Otherwise, I found it nice, simple, and quite accessible.

Tasty, still working on rolling.

My family loves this recipe

This recipe is amazing and my children loved it.

I’m allergic to all things fish and shellfish so I was so happy at our favorite japanese place I found out they had these and even happier when I tried them and they were amazing. These were just as good. I put more filling than instructed but not so much it would break. It looked more like the ones I get there.

Love this roll. very easy.

Half the amount of rice vinegar
1 tbs sugar
Substituted some rice with riced edamame beans
Used English cucumber

I added in some carrot shreds, as well as some sugar snap peas, and it was delicious!

I made this sushi and it was fabulous! I didn't have sushi rice OR rice vinegar. Instead, I used regular white rice and white vinegar and the sushi rolls turned out just fine; I loved them. I will make these again! I'm a vegetarian, my parents aren't so I did add imitation crab to half of my sushi batch for my parents. I also noticed that I didn't have enough rice cooked for 4 sheets of nori to be filled and the last one wasn't fully stuffed like the others. Next time, I'll make more rice! Overall, I love this so so much!!

YUMMY!!!!!! My sister and I made these with Perfect Sushi Rice from this site. We did 2 California Rolls...with the imatation crab, cucumber (we used an English cuke), avacado. We also did 2 rolls with fresh Yellowfin Tuna from the fish dept. of our food store. This tuna was so fresh and mild...tasted like butter. Excellent! The tuna rolls we also added the cukes and avacado. We found our Nori seaweed in the Asian section of our food store....no problem. Served with wasabi and low sodium soy. Also made Japanese Soup with Tofu and Mushooms from this site and Vegetarian Dumplings from Alton Brown on Food Network for a complete meal. Thanks!

