The chicken Katsu part of this recipe is fabulous...a definite 5 star.  But, as many others have noted, the Tonkatsu sauce was practically inedible.  I wonder if the worcester sauce and soy sauce amounts were reversed?  Despite the negative reviews, I followed the recipe exactly, tasted it, and agreed whole-heartedly with everyone else.  So, I doctored it up a bit:  added 2 more tablespoons of soy sauce, 3 tablespoons of hoisin sauce, and put it on the stove to simmer and thicken while I was cooking the chicken.  It still wasn't great, but it was pretty good even if it didn't really taste like Tonkatsu sauce.  So I'll keep looking for a sauce recipe, but thanks for the wonderful chicken katsu recipe!  ETA:  I made this again (really, really love this chicken katsu) and tweaked the Tonkatsu sauce recipe and loved it:  1/4 c. ketchup, 1/3 c. soy sauce, 1/4 c. worchester sauce, 1 tbsp hoisin sauce, garlic powder and pepper to taste.  Hopefully that will help someone because this chicken katsu is really wonderful!

I made this recipe, and the chicken turned out lovely. I also made the sauce but no one here liked it at all. It was very strong, and probably one of those aquired tastes. The method of cooking the chicken was wonderful though!

I have been using this recipe as a base since I first had it ( as take out’ ) party dish @ my brothers house in Honolulu. 1985I use Panko.. but substitute corn starch for the flour step..use a good organic egg from my six laying Rhode Island  Hens .. ( yup, I’m bragging about my girls.. best eggs ever lolthis original recipe  is  is my guideline and I have shared it with hundreds of people ..making it tonight.. will share a pic later.. thank you

It was pretty simple to make and super delicious!

This was great on my first attempt. I used     1:1 gluten free flour and gluten free panko and it came out great, along with the sauce which was a perfect complement. This is hubby's favorite at the local Japanese restaurant and it met his approval! It's going into our rotation for sure.

Yummy!  Wouldn't change a thing. 
Will make it again.

I only used this recipe for the sauce, but the sauce was amazing, went so well with the chicken I made using a recipe dang near exactly like this one.

Don't need copious amounts of sauce.

Did a few things different and it tasted amazing! I always use MSG when seasoning meat, and it really is something I can't live without now. There are a lot of misconceptions about MSG in North America, but really it is just a form of salt that enhances meats natural flavour. This recipe was great however I added salt and pepper in the flour and Panko as well as directly on the chicken (with msg). Also I did the sauce different... I used hoisen sauce, siracha, ketchup, honey and a bit of this garlic mayo I had in the fridge.. it was great!

excellent and super easy to make. added a bit of red hot to the eggs. paired it with bowtie pasta with garlic, lemon, and parmesan.

The chicken was great! Didn't do the sauce recipe. I'll not do chicken any other way. This is a once a week meal. It's that good.

