I've made this a couple of times and have been very pleased!  I actually take T-bones, cut them up into bite size pieces and marinade those.  I double the recipe, using about half for the marinade and reserving the other half.  I then end up stirfrying the steak pieces and marinade with broccoli, carrots, onions, mushrooms, etc. and using the reserved marinade as more sauce for the stirfry.  Serve over white rice and it's a fabulous Asian meal!

Superbe recette! J'ai oublie de mettre le gingembre, mais c'etait tres bon! J'ai fait marine toute une soiree. Un peu sale donc moins de sauce soya. BBQ sera probablement encore plus delicieux que sur la poele.

Everyone likes this. I used sirloin steak. I’d definitely make it again.

Made this using Ribeyes and a 8 hour marinate, very very good, i used Kikkomans teriyaki sauce and my only regret is I wish I would have made my own as with most kikkomans products it was very salty, but the taste was great will make again for sure for the sauce I recommend this one...   https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/139027/teriyaki-sauce-and-marinade/?internalSource=hub%20recipe&referringContentType=Search

I used rice vinegar instead of distilled and added just a touch of toasted sesame oil. Will definitely use this marinade again.

Nice flavor on my bbq’d rib eyes!

MMM MMM great .My man loves it

I make this probably 1x per week. Since starting Keto, I have eliminated the Sugar and Honey from the recipe, which doesn't affect the flavour at all. Delicious!

I made this with 3/4" rib eyes. Actually, the rib eyes were 1 1/2" thick but I cut them in half since such thick steaks would not marinate as well. I followed the marinade recipe exactly except that I doubled the ingredients since I had four steaks. I allowed them to marinate for two hours in the refrigerator, turning them over about every half hour. I broiled them in the oven to a nice medium rare doneness. My wife and her adult daughter both raved about them. They were tender and flavorful. I will definitely make them again.

so good!

Used brown sugar instead of  white sugar.  Marinade was delicious and not overpowering with flank steak.

