This was a great recipe, with some recommendations.  I added a little more honey, less sesame oil(would use a tablespoon or less), definitely used mirin, soy sauce(low sodium - it's what I have) and rice wine vinegar.  Some wasabi paste added to the marinade and dipping sauce is a must for some zip. I cut the steaks so that they are about 1/2 to 3/4" thick and sear for about 40 seconds.  If they are thicker they burn before they even cook a little - I like them pink, not red in the middle. Preheat cast iron, but be sure to turn down the head to medium high or you will have smoke and smoke alarms going off.   Sesame Seeds - don't bother - I've tried it both ways, they don't add much, and they pop all over the place when you sear the steaks and make a mess. ( I lightly toasted them first - so if you have to have them - toast them, then dip the seared steaks just before you serve, and save yourself a lot of clean up. I served  with plain rice or long grain and wild rice.  Great to sop up the dipping sauce.

A good dish. However, I wanted to warn against using olive oil for searing. 

There's a good bit of debate over whether olive oil is suitable for frying. Virgin olive oil on its own is a very healthy fat, but when heated past its smoking point - the temperature at which fats begin to break down, unique to each variety of fat - it can potentially do you more harm than good. Estimates can vary, but I've usually seen olive oil's smoking point cited between about 375-450 degrees fahrenheit, depending on the type. Searing can involve temperatures twice that high. 

So that's something to consider.

This recipe is absolutely 💯  amazing!!!  My husband and I can not get enough of this flavor!!

Used avocado oil as suggested by some. Didn't have themirrin so substituted wine vinegar and extra honey. I'll definitely make this again.

Quick, easy, nutritious and so tasty with fresh Ahi .  The recommendation for searing in Avacado oil is well taken,  reduces smoke, and burning the sesami seeds.

I've made this recipe twice in the last month (yes, I know you shouldn't eat tuna steaks more than once a month but was intent on getting this recipe right!).  The results of my first effort produced an "ok meal," the high heat combined with the olive oil caused way  too much smoke and searing for just :30 seconds on each side caused my sesame seeds to burn.  Second time around I substituted avocado oil for the frying and mixed the wasabi into the soy sauce dipping mixture and both proved to be game changers! Substituted rice vinegar for the mirin since I couldn't find it anywhere. The meal was a hit!  Will  definitely make again with these adjustments.

Quick & delicious. Next time I will chill  it in the fridge a little while before eating.

Easy and quick. The dipping sauce is tasty.

Have made this MANY times and LOVE it! The only change we make is to put in less than 1 Tablespoon of the Sesame Oil. It is very strong and over took the dish the first time we made it. This is our go to recipe for Tuna Steaks! Yum!

It is amazing I love it so did my son, it is the best dish out there try it you’ll love it

I added the wasabi paste to the dipping sauce/marinade for an extra bite. Recipe is now in my collection and used often.

