Great fried shrimp. The key is the panko. It's texture allows it to fry up golden brown and crunchy before the protein it's stuck to (in this case, shrimp) gets overcooked. Some tips: You could probably use 1/2 the flour mixture. Add the seasoned shrimp to the flour, stir to coat, and then gently shake them out over the garbage can in a wire strainer to remove the excess flour. Make sure the shrimp are very dry when you do this or they'll be gummy. Have a big plate or baking sheet covered with wax paper ready to place the shrimp on after you've coated them all with the egg wash and panko. Then, it's off to the fryer. Makes for an easier cleanup, and you don't have to juggle making them/frying them simultaneously. Panko is very coarse so you may have to help it stick by pressing it on.

I thought it was just ok.

Fantastic.  Simple but tasty.  I butterflyed the shrimp,  seasoned with S &P and garlic powder.  Sweet Hungarian paprika in corn starch instead of flour.  Use good quality shrimp and good quality panko.  It was amazing.  Served with egg fried rice and sweet chili sauce.  Will definitely make again  190C is too high a temp for panko shrimp, I deep fried the shrimp for 2 -3 minutes  in light olive oil at 160-170C

Unfortunately this recipe ruined our shrimp due to incorrect time to cook. We used a deep fryer and the minimum 3 minutes suggested here burnt the panko + prawn meat overcooked. We had Large prawns (not jumbo).Doing some tests next time, we discovered 1 1/2 minutes was ideal, max 2 minutes.

Very good recipe that my boyfriend and I enjoyed!  I seasoned the shrimp with a little old bay seasoning and seasoned the flour mixture well.  I double coated the shrimp with the eggwash and flour, before the final dip in panko, to get a good coating.  It was delicious!  Thank you for the recipe!

Loved this recipe! The only thing I did was use half the flour and being pasture raised eggs are $8 a carton I got by using one egg.

I'm always looking for a better recipe for fried shrimp but this recipe was absolutely perfect so no need to search any longer. The initial seasoning gave the shrimp a nice depth of flavor. The flour, egg wash, and panko provided a light treatment for the batter that cooked up beautifully. The shrimp that I used were on the larger side so I butterflied them which allowed them to cook in a more uniform manner. I served them over greens with a miso vinaigrette and added a sweet chili dipping sauce on the side. Excellent!

Unbelievable, huge hit! Will definitely Re- make for many years! East, quick and tasty! Awesome recipe!

The recipe is perfect, the only comment is to make sure you adjust the measurements so you don’t have too much mix to waste. But definitely very tasty. Also it would be good to add the sauces that could come with.

Great, simple recipe to have on hand.  I followed reviewers suggestion to batter all shrimp first and it made life easier.  The shrimp was delicious and the panko definitely made it perfect.

Loved it, very crispy and quick

