This has become a seasonal favorite in my home. It makes a great breakfast treat with coffee. The texture seems odd at first, so odd that you have to keep eating it until suddenly you realize you've eaten half the pan and you still want more! I add 1 teaspoon of pumpkin pie spice, which seems to cut the sweetness a touch and make it even more like pumpkin pie and spice cake had a delicious, gooey baby.

I wasn't quit sure what to expect, and this was ok. I had mochiko I wanted to use up and came across this recipe. It's fairly easy to make. I did improvise because I only had a 15 oz can of pumpkin, so I used applesauce with it to make up for the difference. Also, I used oil instead of butter because I didn't have enough of that either. Maybe it would've been better if I had stuck to the original recipe.

Made this exactly as published. Loved it.

Super delicious! Like a pumpkin caramel mochi. I followed someone else's advice and only used 1 tsp baking powder. Also, I only used 1 can of pumpkin puree (15oz)  The recipe says to use 29oz, but that seems like too much to me. I also used coconut sugar instead of cane sugar and 1 can of coconut cream instead if condensed milk so it wouldn't be too sweet/cloying. My Filipino mom also loves it! Def keeping to remake during the holidays.

it was so good

The mochi came out soggy and chewy. It was also kind of gummy but overall it was OK.

This is a good butter mochi! So far, the texture is a little fluffier and a bit less chewy than some other butter mochi I've made. It seems like a good "gateway mochi" that you could give someone who isn't used to the dense chewiness of a more tranditional mochi yet. However, I just finished making it, and it hasn't cooled yet, so texture might change once it has rested for a bit. I added the following seasonings:1/2 t + an additional generous pinch of kosher salt (omit if you are using salted butter.)2t cinnamon1/2t ground ginger1/2t ground nutmeg1/4t ground clovesI also dusted the buttered baking dish with some of the leftover glutinous rice flour, which made the mochi slide right out!

This is so yummy. I first had mochi in Hawaii and when I saw this had pumpkin, I decided to try it. I now make it every fall. A new tradition for autumn. I’ve made it with stone-ground rice flour and sweet rice flour. They both work. Give it a try.

Easy. Tasty.

Not bad. Its very similar texture to a chewy cornbread. I really like it haha.

It was simple and good.  I added a tsp of ground cloves

