This was delicious! I already had katsu sauce so I only tried the chicken so far, but it was PERFECT!

Wanted something simple to try with our recently purchased air fryer.  This fit the bill and turned out well for a first go at air frying.  The Katsu sauce was good.  We don't keep sherry on hand so I used red wine vinegar (reduced amount) and added a bit more brown sugar.  I missed the part about double dipping the chicken with the egg and panko.  That was probably why the chicken didn't look as evenly coated as the ones in the pictures.  Will do that next time.

This is an easy dinner and also in the comfort food category in my opinion.  Made some Vermont curry, jasmine rice, and a Japanese cabbage salad to go along with it.

I really liked the recipe as a base. The preparation and cooking of the chicken was great. I tried both the single and the double dip into the egg and breadcrumbs, but I did oven cook the chicken as well as air fry, just to make sure it was cooked.For the sauce I added curry powder for more of a curry flavour.

I changed the Katsu sauce to one I prefer that I found here in AllRecipes.

Admittedly not the same as the local Hawaiian places but still pretty tasty. The breading didn't stay on as well as I would've liked in the first bastch. Probably my fault. I liked the sauce better than the typical teriyaki sauce it's served with

Loved it. I would use less ketchup next time, the ketchup flavor was a little overpowering. I'll find some way to have the tomato bit with the ketchup flavor. My air fryer seems to be different from others, that is to be expected, so I adjust the temp up, and time down a bit. Next time I'll up the temp past 375 (which I used this time), and time down a bit more than the 8 min. per side. We love the crunch, and if I'd gone with the suggested, 350 and 10min, it would have had a LOT of crunch, not bad, but way over cooked and dry. We both used some sriracha sauce at the table, as we like a bit of spice. I would incorporate that into the recipe next time for us.All in all, an excellent Katsu recipe though. We will be having this again and again!Sorry the meal didn't survive long enough for a picture, but it looked like that other pictures!

Love this recipe- definitely serve it over or with rice.

We had heard our friends rave about air fryers and when a toaster oven style air fryer came on sale we decided to get it.  We saw this recipe and were skeptical about the ratings - how could it be so good? - but we decided to give it a try.  Well, the recipe delivered in spades.  The crust was super crunchy, and the chicken was really moist.  We prefer the dark meat (and will try boneless thighs next time) but THIS is how to do chicken breast and not end up with it being dry and tasteless.  The sauce was spot on - a little sweet, a little tangy - and ridiculously easy to make from ingredients we always have around.  His Majesty used the left over sauce when he made pizza the next day.  Different, but good.  We served this with Japanese Sticky rice and Japanese curry vegetable medley.  Fast and easy enough to make on a weeknight - good enough to serve company.  We'll definitely be putting this into the rotation.  WINNER of a recipe.

The breading of my chicken was still a bit undercooked after the cooking time so I tried 4 mins at 400F. Easy to make for my 1st time with an airfryer. I would try it again. Next time, go light on the egg and panko mix, just do once not twice. Chicken was bit dry but still good.

