Outside of adding some fresh minced garlic, I prepared this following the recipe closely.  And we enjoyed the heck out of it.  Sometimes things don't need a whole lot of explanation or analysis. This is one of those times.  It works.  (I used No Name Sirloin Steaks, baby bok choy and basmati rice. Hubs made "Cucumber Sunomono" to go with - delicious )

It looked very nice. It wasn't an overly exciting flavor, but the sauce was pretty strong/salty. I should have followed some of the other suggestions to cut down the soy sauce and add some ginger.

Wow! I needed something quick and easy to make as I was going to be gone all day so I prepared veggies the day before. My husband cut the meat a bit before I got home and all I had to do was mix up the 4 ingredient sauce, put on the rice, and cook the stirfry! In a matter of minutes we were eating a delicious and healthy meal. I cut the recipe in half for the two of us and still had leftovers! Thank you!

I also added garlic as well as ginger, water chestnuts, broccoli and baby corn

My husband and I loved this! I didn’t have all the ingredients so I used what I had at home. Sliced filet mignon into strips, and used green peppers asparagus and white mushrooms. I did add a little minced garlic based on prior reviews. The sauce is amazing!! I will definitely cook this again!

Great recipe! I added fresh garlic when I browned beef, and bean sprouts at the end when mixing everything together!

Easy, tasty

Next time I would reduce the amount of soy sauce as my brand is very strong. Otherwise, very easy recipe and my son gave it a big thumbs up!

I got a rare compliment on this dish from the spouse.  He loved the stir fry sauce.  I've never heard him say something like that!The only thing I did different from the recipe was that I added a tiny bit of fresh ginger to the sauce and to the veggies.

VERY Good & easy.   I followed the recipe in the making but changed the stir fry vegetables.   I didn't have mushrooms & cabbage so it was:  carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, and onions.   Makes plenty of sauce to serve with rice.

This is a very tasty.  We enjoy it a lot.  I do add a garlic , and any vegetables in the house at the time,  that need to get used, but sure don’t need too.  It’s really good!  We like it on jasmine rice.

