Good stuff.  I personally feel that wrapping the slices with nori (seaweed used for onigiri) makes it taste better.

After I stopped giggling at the name...tamago means egg so its titled egg egg.... hahaha.. I got to work making the dashimaki tamagoyaki. Very good recipee. I personally added a pinch of salt and used a sieve to make fluffier eggs.

I used to make these often.  My chickens just started laying, so I wanted something different for breakfast.  I often top w slices of avocado, for Tamago maki, and sprinkle the tamago w furikake when using avocado.  So yummy!!!I’ve also made these into hand rolls.  Good stuff!!!i have also ground up my dried Shiitake stems up in the grinder, stems which are often discarded by others, or used for soup,  add the ground Shiitake first to the oil, then proceed w the egg rolling in the pan.  I use a 8 x 8 rectangular ceramic pan for these.  Oil generously.  The ground Shiitake is in the center, after rolling the egg.

Omg delicious,  I made tamago maki with avocado. Love this recipe, first time making tamago and using my special pan! My rolling leaves much to be desired though!

good!

After I stopped giggling at the name...tamago means egg so its titled egg egg.... hahaha.. I got to work making the dashimaki tamagoyaki. Very good recipee. I personally added a pinch of salt and used a sieve to make fluffier eggs.

I loved it so much!

Turned out great!

I made this several times. For me, I removed the sugar and dashi, and as the layers cooked I added very thin mushroom slices and the occasional piece of Nori.

To serve, I presented with Hot Mustard and Soy.

WOW- this makes eggs actually taste GOOD!

The Tamago pan is a must for an even omelette. They can be found in most Asian markets and on Amazon for around $20.00.  The advantage to using this recipe with a rectangular pan is that the ends come out even and you get more omelette without any waste using the same pour egg mixture in the pan, flip or roll the set part of the omelette in half, add more egg mixture, wait until it sets, flip again, etc, etc until the Tamago is built as high as the pan.  A nice finishing touch is to square up the rolled egg using a plastic lined sushi mat to make the Tamago square end to end. Tamago is a great sushi topping as well a welcome surprise in a bento. A light sprinkling of toasted sesame seeds makes for a complementary flavor.

