This is the ORIGINAL Oyakodon recipe! If you can't find dashi, try putting fish stock instead of chicken. Dashi are little dryed fish turned into powder...!  By the way, did you know that "Oyako" means "Parents and Children" (in this case, chicken and eggs); don is just the word used for "rice bowl" ;)

I made according to recipe, ordering the hard to find ingredients online. But it came out too sweet for my taste. If I make it again, I will reduced the brown sugar to half. I also prefer a dish with more veggies.

This was really tasty!  Not sure what I did wrong but I had way too much sauce!  I had to remove a bunch before I added the egg.  Added green onions when serving.  Yummy!

This was way too sweet. Inedible.  Is it meant to teaspoons rather than tablespoons?

I've made this many times and it's always a hit! The base recipe is good, but I also like to add in carrots and shiitake mushrooms with the onions for an extra kick of flavor.

Tastes really good. Wish I used less soy sauce. I added green onions. Used the whites to cook with the the mixture and the green portion as a garnish.

I omit the brown sugar, & it still tastes great.

Very good and very filling.  I will make this again!

This is extremely authentic and tastes like every Japanese restaurant I've ever been to. Definitely worth making!

This a good version of a very simple recipe.  If you don't use dashi it's not Oyakdon, It might be something you like, but it's not oyakodon.  You can buy Hondashi instant dashi granules online and it keeps well if you refrigerate it after opening the packet.  If you don't have short grain rice like Nishiki or Cal Rose, use whatever rice you have.  It's still good, just not the same as in Japan or restaurants.  The starch does make a difference, but it's still good.  Most Americans aren't used to sweet egg dishes except custards.  I would recommend, the first time you make it, reducing the sugar from 3 to 1 tablespoon.  You can always sweeten it more during the cooking process but you can't take the sugar out.  Taste before serving.

Love this!! One family member is allergic to fish, so I split this recipe into two skillets and use chicken broth for theirs. It's still very tasty! I couldn't find dashi powder in our little Japanese store (or I just couldn't read the label. I was too shy to ask :/ ) but they had liquid dashi stock. That seems to work fine. I only use about half a cup since it's only for half the recipe, and a whole cup came out very salty. Idk if that was the stock or the splitting of the recipe tbh. Still, it's a great comfort dish!! And it tastes almost exactly like the one from a Japanese restaurant nearby!

