HELPFUL Hints...Follow recipe to a "T".  After baking for an hour it will not look done (except for an inch around the perimeter).  It's OK and really IS done.  Leave it overnight loosely covered with foil.  Must be completely cool before cutting otherwise you end up with odd shapes.  I used the straight edge of my cutting scraper to get even cuts (that you scoop cut veggies etc with).  The purpose of the potato starch is to keep the edges from sticking to everything.  Go EASY as it masks the flavor of the mochi.  I "spank" the excess off so they are very lightly covered.  I've baked in both types (metal and glass) and prefer the pyrex as the edges don't get as hard.  Plus the edges soften overnight and are fine to keep.  I added a picture to show how lightly to coat and how neatly the shape turns out when you wait for it to cool (on the yellow plate).  I also grew up in Hawaii and found this to beat out all my Hawaiian recipe books.  Thanks for the post Dewny!

I attempted making this. I followed the recipe to a T! But I think an hour was way too long on my oven at 350. It seems a bit over cooked and doesn't have the texture that store bought mochi has. the bottom and sides have all crusted slightly. I might give this another go but cutting some of the bake time in the recipe.

Mochi was delicious! Pro tip I found from another website: cut once completely cool with a pizza cutter! So much faster than a plastic knife. Thanks for the recipe.

Very good! Shared this recipe with my friends, they are excited to try it, too. Mahalo!

After baking it for 1 hour it looked a little over cooked. The top looked bubbly and not smooth. I reduced the sugar to 2 cups and it was still sweet. Overall it was pretty good but wished it was a bit more chewy.

I had to make some changes to get it right the second time I made it. I turned the temperature of the oven down to 300 degrees and placed a baking sheet under the pan before placing it in the oven to prevent to bottom from getting overcooked. After it cooked, I took off the foil and let it cool on a rack for an hour then cooled it in my refrigerator for several hours until it was totally cooled down. Then I used a pizza cutter to cut off the  hard edges and also to slice the chi chi mochi into bite sizes. It was very simple and took very little effort. Just make sure you  sprinkle enough of the potato starch to prevent sticking. I got a lot of compliments. Thank you for this recipe. I will be making it a lot more often now that I have perfected it.

One tip to avoid firmer edges is to use a water bath.  I’ve done that with a large roasting pan and use Pyrex for the chi chi dango. Much softer edges.

I've made this a few times when we've had guests over. It's easy and always turns out. I'll make it again. We have a little laugh because my daughter's nick-name is also Chi Chi. The strange thing is that my husband is from Japan, but neither his family, nor any of our Japanese guests have never heard of this dish. I wonder if it's a local specialty.

My child who has dairy sensitivities loves it! I tried adding flavor and color by pulverizing freeze dry peaches into the recipe and it worked wonderfully! I left out the food coloring.

Made it in a water bath and it turned out perfectly. Will try with different flavours next.

Very tasty! Important to note to not refrigerate any leftovers, or the texture will be off. We added some banana flavor.

