It is nice to know how to make our own pickled ginger. I sliced the ginger thin when it was raw, then added it to the boiling vinegar mixture and simmered it for about 5 minutes. I then put it in to the jar, cooled it, and stored in the refridgerator. We used it the same day with our sushi...perfect!

The recipe does not say whether to wash off the salt.  I did not, and the ginger turned out too salty.

A tip I picked up from a nutritionist. Ginger slices easier when frozen. If you have trouble. And slice before pickling

I rinsed off the ginger to reduce saltiness used 1/4 cup sugarAdded tangelo zest and juiceI think it will be amazingly delicious

It is way too salty! I followed the recipe perfectly! Can someone tell me WHY it's  so salty? I love ginger Gari & eat it all the time so, I had the idea of making it. However... it is so salty! Taste great at first then once you swallow you get hit with the salt! My whole family has agreed with this sad outcome 😔 any help would be greatly appreciated 🙏

Yes cider vinegar less sugar salt perfect ate immediately. Will make my own from this day forward

Waiting a week to try but all jars are sealed and we sliced thin

Have not eaten yet

I peeled ginger with a serrated grapefruit spoon and then sliced it thin with a mandoline-- I think the key to getting thinner slices is to use very light pressure when using the mandoline-- the thickness varied greatly based on this. I boiled the rice wine vinegar and sugar, rinsed the salt from the ginger slices, and then added the sliced ginger to the pot of vinegar-- and let it all cool (as I was concerned about pouring boiling liquid into a glass jar). When still warm I transferred it all to a jar and let it sit out to cool completely before refrigerating. I've made this twice now- -- the recipe is spot on and it's great having pickled ginger on hand as I often forget to ask for more when I pick up sushi.

1st time pickling ginger. Followed recipe except gave the ginger a quick rinse after salting and added it to the vinegar/sugar mix for 5 minutes. Used the big holes on my box grater to make thin slices before salting. Excellent!

This did not turn out as expected at all. It was too salty and not sweet enough. Next time I will use half of the salt and use 1/2 cup sugar in the mix. I will also boil the ginger in the mix as it did not "cook" in the jar because even though I sliced it thin I could not slice it paper thin  with my slicer without cutting my fingers.

