this had a great ratio of ingredients!  a good tip that i have about cooking sushi rice perfectly if you have a rice cooker is after rinsing your rice, put your hand flat on top of the rice and allow the water to fill until it just covers your hand.  a japanese friend taught me that, and it has turned out perfectly every time, even when my husband does it, and he has much larger hands than I do!

The rice was cooked well, but it was way too sweet and vinegary for my taste. I could eat sushi rice for a meal, so I was pretty disappointed. I may try it again, but with much less vinegar and sugar. Other recipes that I've tried use a fraction of what this one calls for...

Great recipe.but added toasted sesame oil instead of regular oil.made a few trys..crab, asparagus,snowpeas,smoked salmon,avacado,cucumber.some with a dpot of wasabi,rest lightly brushed with korean bbq sauce..sprinkle with sesame seeds and fine sliced green onions. Went so fast...why mo pics..

I did it exactly what the recipe calls for and it was perfect!Thank you!

Made this exactly how the recipe stated and it was perfect. The oil didn't make it unstickable like someone stated in another review. It was not too sweet or too acidic. Everyone destroyed the meal, including the picky children.

Works great for me. I followed the recipe exactly.

I have made it three times and only made it in 2 cup (raw) amounts, equal part of water in a rice cooker; it was perfection and easy. Not a single complaint. I also found it freezes magnificently. Since making sushi is a fair amount of work I premake my rice (and my toasted sesame seeds) and freeze them so they are ready.  (Little tip: I found using a corn on the cob boat works awesome for rolling the sesame seeds, just turning the roll as needed. I also freeze the toasted seeds in the boat.) This way when I want to make sushi all that is left to do is cut up the fillings and start plastering rice on some nori and roll.PS. I understand what folks are saying about too much vinegar or sugar however, I only tasted that eating it alone. In recipe I found it was perfect for my sushi rolls. IF I didn't want it for rolls I suppose I might change up the vinegar or sugar or both to my liking, after all it is no longer really rice for sushi, its just a different rice.

If I could put a munis 3 I would!  This was, without a doubt the WORST sushi rice recipe I could have ever made.  I have made sushi for years and thought to change it up with this rice recipe.  Well, what a mistake that was.  It was SO SLOPPY and didn’t hold up for the rolls I made.  I made to recipe and I found that I wasted the money I spent on the tuna and salmon, not to talk about the time spent making it.  I have never cried over a recipe I have made or tried, but I did with this one. This REALLY SUCKED!

Recipe needs to half the amount of vinegar and use 3x less sugar.

Have made this twice now and I absolutely love it. I just use my 3 cup rice cooker and pour the vinegar mix over the cooked rice while mixing with a rice paddle rather than making it on the stove and it turns out well. As an American who lived 3 years in Japan, I don’t know what these people are talking about when they say it’s “too sweet and vinegary [the su in sushi literally means vinegar]” as it just tastes like sushi rice. I usually use this product called “sushi no ko” which is a powdered vinegar you just mix into cooked rice, but I’m going to save money and use this from now on.

Clearly per comments people didn't know to COOL RICE POST COOKING- Same w pasta and gnocchi, always since with cool water. I do agree too much sugar, rice vinegar is sweet enough, if using apple cider or white vinegar yes u need more sugar, rice sugar does it all by itself tho

