Great recipe!  The chicken katsu came out crunchy and delicious.  (ETA: I slice the chicken breast to three or four thin fillets instead of pounding them.)  The only thing I would suggest is to pre-heat the oil on medium heat then reduce it to low-medium for the actual frying; 3 minutes on medium-high heat pretty much blackened my panko crumbs.

The coating is very crispy, which we loved, but it's bland.  Even after seasoning liberally with salt and pepper, it does not have enough flavor.  I'd suggest either marinating the chicken breasts in your favorite marinade or sprinkling with additional seasonings.  We will make again but definitely kicked up with more flavor next time!  If you want classic fried chicken (like I grew up with in the South), you'll need to search for a different recipe.

I added a little more mirin, soy sauce and brown sugar. It had too much of a ketchup aftertaste. Chicken was really tasty and had a great crispness without crust being too thick.

Made it for a school challenge it was good

Simple and tasty. Made the tonkatso sauce to go with. Delicious!

Pretty easy to make!

I thought this was a great recipe. Very easy to make, quick and delicious.

I tweaked it a little bit not ALOT . I put salt , pepper , garlic powder on chicken let sit for about an hour .. I patted the flour on the chicken let it sit .. then did the egg and  crumbs .. my oil was super hot ugh but fortunately my chicken came out great .. I made the tonkatsu sauce and just tweaked n tweaked n tweaked . But the sauce was great with it and I used jasmine rice. It was a hit .. I cook a lot so I use recipes as a crutch and just do what’s my good .

Unfortunately, this is only breaded chicken, similar to a schnitzel. Although panko makes the crumb a bit lighter, it’s not katsu without the sauce. I would also suggest adding some furikake seasoning to the bread crumbs to boost the flavour

Great and easy

If you truly lived in Hawaii, you would know this isn’t true chicken katsu. We HAD chicken katsu while in Hawaii & it’s about the katsu sauce, which is Hawaiian BBQ sauce, in a sense. This is nothing but bland fried chicken. True katsu chicken puts furikake seasoning in the panko crumbs & comes with the katsu sauce. This is an insult to true Hawaiian chicken katsu.

