UPATE 2: I tried this recipe on wild cod filets and it is by far the BEST choice of fish. If you don't get to marinade it for 3 hrs, it's OK. Just save the marinade and cook it into a sauce aferwards. I now like to place it on the top rack of the oven and broil it for 10-12 minutes or until it's done. This method is better than baking which also takes a longer time. But you will need to make sure it doesn't burn. This recipe has become one of my favorite!!!
UPDATE 1: I used this recipe again on halibut filet. It was just as tasty. I got to marinade the fish for 4 hours, but still kept the marinade and cooked it into a sauce. And the sauce made a difference. Cook time for the halibut was also around 20-25 minutes baked at 400 degree. ------- EXCELLENT marinate!!! I had a grilled fish dish at a Japanese restaurant last week and this marinade tastes just like it! My hubby who hates cooked fish enjoyed this too. We got frozen sea bass, so it might taste a bit fishy, this marinade really helps to reduce the fishy taste. The reason why I gave this a 4-stars is the sea bass isn't fully cooked at 400 degree for 7-9 minutes. It really took me 20 something minutes with baking instead of broiled and checked it by poking a fork through. I didn't have time to marinate it for 3-6 hrs, so I only marinaded it for an hour and cooked the marinaded for dipping. It was really good.

I gave this two stars because it smelled delicious and that counts for something in my book.....but it DIDN;T get the rest of the three stars because it tasted absolutely terrible. I was SHOCKED when I tasted this fish because, again, it smelled SO good. But it really tasted bad. Too much rice wine or something...I would consider making this again and substituting the rice wine for something else or putting more of a teriyaki spin on it....but never again like this.

To make sure you keep the delicious flavor of the marinade, either braise it in the marinade or steam the fish and keep the marinade by cooking it down so that you can serve it together.  Don’t throw the marinade away, keep it.  It’s truly a delicious recipe

Wow. Excellent. I made this almost to the recipe, but made it more budget friendly by using fresh tilapia (and will use cod next time but it was frozen). I left the brown sugar out for dietary reasons. The mirin made it sweet enough for me anyway. I added a little bit of rice wine vinegar as well, which gave it a kick. I will say that I did the white fish and salmon and the white fish was far superior. The salmon taste overpowered the marinade.  Because of some of the other reviews I cooked down and reduced the marinade into a sauce and served it with sticky jasmine rice. Plenty of green onions takes it to the next level! Will definitely be making this one on repeat and can't wait to try it with cod!

This was alright, but the flavors don't really come out - at least they didn't for me after marinating 4 hours. I'd suggest saving the marinade, cooking it down, and brushing it over the fish before, during, and after the broiler. Otherwise, the taste of the fish itself is too strang for this very subtle marinade.

Really good and pretty easy too. We boiled the marinade down to glaze and drizzled over the top. Served with sticky rice, asparagus and a simple green salad with ginger dressing

Hands down the BEST miso glazed recipe. I’ve made this fish about 6 times now using this recipe…no variations and it comes out perfect every time. I broil it in my air fryer and it gets a nice brown at the top and edges, serve it with basmati rice and some Shanghai bokchoy stir fried with sesame oil. Better than any restaurant meal! Thank you

Absolutely delicious!

Made it according to the recipe. Excellent! Better to marinate longer, up to 6 hrs. for more flavor. I served it with a side of asparagus with miso ginger dressing on top.

UNREAL! This was one of the best fish I’ve made at home. I added more sauce on top, and honestly I wish I didn’t it’s good alone! Will make you his a million more times. 10/10 recommend

I’m giving 3 stars because fish tasted quite bitter. I had really good sea bass so I know it was not the fish. Also 9 min is not enough time to get a nice glaze unless you have a thin piece of fish. This was the second time I tried the exact same recipe. I will try it again but I would cut down on the sake or maybe add more sugar. Also I would bake the fish for 10 min at a lower temperature then turn it up to broil and let it get dark brown and flip it over ans get the other side browned as well.

