This recipe ROCKS!!!!!!   The only adjustment I made was what other reviewers suggested which was to cut the vinegar to 1/3 cup.   We had an art show at our Church last Saturday night and I made gyoza along with this recipe for dipping sauce and people RAVED about it and requested the recipe...  Thank you Rebecca!!!

I didn't love it.  You definitely need to cut the vinegar down to 1/3 cup, but there is something else missing.  Maybe a drop of honey or pinch of sugar?  It was just a little too tart for our pot stickers and scallion pancakes.  Will definitely try again, but with modifications.

Excellent recipe and super easy to make.

This is our favourite gyoza dipping sauce.  I think gyoza with sauce is just about the most perfect food, it’s sweet, sour and salty, has fat and acid, it’s crunchy and chewy, it’s definitely got umami. The only changes I’ve made to this recipe is that I use about half toasted sesame oil and half plain sesame oil, maybe a little more of the toasted kind.  And I also add a splash of saki to really boost that boozy, malty beer flavour.  We cut up our green onion the same size as our garlic and ginger.  I usually also add a touch of something sweet so either a bit of honey or brown sugar or a dash of mirin.  Love this recipe!

This was delicious! I got some frozen gyoza from Trader Joe’s and used this to dip. I halved the recipe but still have some left over. Going to Trader Joe’s tomorrow for more gyoza! I can’t let this go to waste. I did put it in the microwave to heat it a bit and cook the garlic and stuff floating on top. I think it helped the flavors meld.

I make it as written, but I do add extra garlic (example: I use one whole clove for 16 servings, when I should have used 1/4 clove).  Adding extra ginger ruins it, forcing you to add more of all the other ingredients. Make this the day before you need it, if you can, it’s even more delicious! In addition to gyoza, it goes great with spring rolls too. Rockstar recipe! Thank you Rebecca!

Delicious and so easy to make! Thumbs up!

I have been looking for a sauce like this for along time, great sauce, thanks.
Belly Up With Bob

Tasty my clients love it

Very good. Maybe needs a touch of sugar but otherwise, yum!

very good, I made the equivalent for 4 servings since it was just for myself

