To give this salad a little "kick", I added a dash of Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce. I did not add the full amount of salt and pepper, I added it to taste. I made this around noon today as to give it time to sit in the dressing until dinner. VERY good, though my husband and I thought this needed more dressing. Next time, I will double the dressing ingredients.

I made this to go with a Japanese chicken dish, because I had half a head of cabbage to use.  I was out of scallions, which would have helped a lot, and I chose not to bother with the almonds.  I added two shredded carrots, did use the garlic, and used only 1/2 tsp pepper. Not bad, but the sesame oil was too overpowering.  I ended up using another Tbsp each of sugar and vinegar to try to counteract the oil.  If I make it again, will use 1 T. sesame oil and 1 T. canola, with the same amt. of other ingredients.

I have been searching for a salad dressing that I experienced at "Origins;" a "Fusion" type restaurant and I would add a Carrot (Finely ground to  a paste) to yours and I will try the recipe, Thanks for sharing, Vinnie

Nothing remotely close to cabbage salads eaten in a Japan. Sesame oil overpowered the entire dish. Tossed it.

I enjoyed this light and easy cabbage salad. I used shredded red and green cabbage, added cilantro, and used sliced almonds in place of toasted seseme seeds. Served this alongside chicken tonkatsu, jasmine rice, and Vermont curry.

I like this light and easy salad recipe. I added some cilantro and served this along with chicken tonkatsu, jasmine rice, and Vermont curry.

An all right flavor.

I halved everything in the recipe, and the sesame oil was so overpowering, it was inedible. I love bold flavors, and I cook Japanese dishes 3-4 nights a week, so it's not down to an unfamiliarity with the ingredients. I think the proportions are just way off.

This easy Cabbage Salad was so easy and really refreshing. This is a great side dish for any meal, especially one with sesame or ginger flavors. It was flavorful and will be a good summer salad to make.

Super simple and very tasty! I used all the 'optional' ingredients. The family liked this for a change from the normal slaw. I  thought it could actually use a bit of spice, like maybe some jalapeño or hot chili oil or something. I will be making this again! Thanks for sharing

This Japanese-Style Cabbage Salad was incredible! The crunchy cabbage paired really well with the refreshing sesame dressing. We enjoyed this recipe so much that I already made it a second time this week!

