The first time I made these chops they were okay, but with a couple of tweaks, these pork chops are terrific! The second time I prepared them, I seasoned the pork chops with garlic powder, salt, and pepper. I also cooked the chops at a lower temperature (medium high) to prevent burning. Finally, I served them with a sweet and slightly spicy sauce found here on allrecipes (1/2 cup orange marmalade, 1/4 cup Dijon mustard, 1/4 cup honey, and 1/4 teaspoon hot sauce). If you're using a thick cut pork chop, I suggest pounding it to make it thinner or placing the thick pork chops in the oven to finish cooking after browning. All in all, this recipe is a keeper. Thanks so much for sharing.

I'm trying this right NOW! I have 3 chops that I've de-boned and cut down into 9 equal size pieces. Then starting with the smallest pieces, lightly pound flat. Working up with the larger pieces, pound to same thickness as the smaller one. Marinade with soy sauce, hoisin sauce and a little Chinese 5 spice for half an hour. Then follow along with the rest of the directions. Will be served with lemon basmati rice, buttered carrot coins and leftover turkey dressing.   I will tell you later how it turns out.

I cooked thin  pork chops. I seasoned beforehand and cooked at 375 degrees in my electric frypan. Since there were only six I used only 3/4 cup oil. My grandchildren liked them but they were a bit too greasy for my husband and myself - perhaps because we usually bake. I will make again but with less oil- also I ran out of time to make the orange marmalade sauce as suggested by one view bit I plan to make it tonight for leftovers.

I should have read the reviews first! It was very good but next time I'll, 1) pound the pork (mine was too thick and had to be finished in the oven so it didn't burn), 2) season the meat and, 3) season the bread crumbs, 4) do what someone else suggested and fry on high for 2 min each side, then lower the temp. I served it with Okonomiyaki and a dipping sauce that added great flavor. Will make again!

Made it with a sweet and spicy sauce recommended in one other review.  We loved it!  Definitely will make this one again!

Family loved it! Thank you for the recipe. I ended up using a pork loin roast and sliced it thinly and trimmed the fat.  Took reviewer suggestions  and pounded the pork and seasoned it with garlic powder and salt. Also added seasoning to the breadcrumbs. Needed 2x the eggwash and the breadcrumbs. Deep fried in oil (350 degrees) for 3 minutes on each side and shook off all oil before placing on a wire rack to wait until I cooked the rest. Served with tonkatsu sauce (recipe from this site), rice and broccoli. Turned out great!

The panko and egg amounts for the binding agent is definitely not nearly enough. It has a solid taste, but needs a little extra.

Nice and crunchy! I will make it again.

The oil was too hot and it burnt after just 4 minutes. Will definitely try it again but at a lower temp.

Very good and easy to make, the family loved it.

Wow.  Thes came out perfectly!  I wish I had more chops!  I'm going to use this method with chicken breasts too.  I'll adjust cooking times. but this coating is finally the breading I've been looking for for years!!!

