WOW, this was absolutely delicious! I have to admit, I did not have the highest hopes for this, but I am so glad I decided to give it a shot anyway. So simple to prepare and very light and refreshing. I made this exactly as written and would not change a thing. I put the cubes in a glass and piped on whipped cream and dusted it with cocoa powder. This recipe is a definate keeper that I will be making VERY often~YUM! Thanks for sharing. :)

Hesitated making this recipe, but did because it is simple. Others in household like coffee; I do not. If it tasted as good as it smells brewing I might enjoy it. Without topping (whip cream, ice cream, or other), jello doesn't taste good. Will not be making recipe again. Coffee drinkers enjoy!

I had this the first time in Japan- loved it!! It’s not a sweet jello/gelatin which lends its perfectly to the sweeter toppings.

This may have been a mistake on my part however I followed the recipe exactly and it did not set at all. Once I managed to somewhat fix it, the jello was not appetizing. It was far too bitter and only tasted okay after adding whipped cream, even then it wasn't the greatest. This recipe sounds delicious and I am glad it worked for many people but unfortunately for me it did not. I may try doing it again maybe using coffee that is sweeter and more gelatin.

I was a little torn on how to rate this, because I didn’t love the jelly by itself. It’s basically like drinking a cup of lightly sweetened coffee (which isn’t my bag). But, like a cup of coffee, it gets tastier when you add stuff. I served with a splash of bailey’s and whipped cream and it was yummy.

Great recipe, very easy.

This recipe works great! We prefer it with cold brew.

I really liked this. So easy and so simple. Will make again. Thanks for sharing your recipe!

I'm not a huge coffee drinker so I was not enamored with this. I may try this again and work out how to make this jelly a little more solid. As it stands, the jelly did not set up as well as I'd have liked (too loose).

This is also delicious cubed and served in a martini glass with a Starbucks Doubleshot for breakfast, or with Bailey's Irish Cream as an after dinner treat. I add a dollop of whipped cream and shaved semisweet chocolate to mine.

The next time I may reduce the sugar a little. It is a refreshing dessert, light and tasty.

