Very easy to make. Side note: the mochi dough is SUPER sticky, so be sure to prepare your surface and hands with startch before making the balls. Otherwise, very yummy and easy and fun!

Hi everyone, thank you so much for the feedback. Some reviewers are correct; I have made a mistake and the flour should be glutinous rice flour which can also be called Mochiko. 
Also, the green tea powder is optional as is freezing the red bean paste. Freezing the red bean paste just makes the process less messy. 
For the cooking time, one can lower it to 3 minutes and add 15 seconds at a time until the dough looks slightly translucent. However, be sure to keep the plastic wrap on for at least 3 minutes to keep the moisture in. 
I'm sorry for all the mistakes but I am looking into correcting the recipe soon. Thanks!

Modified the recipe slightly for more matcha and vanilla, microwaved, and it came out like this. Awful, and wasted matcha.

Really good. I used almond paste I had leftover from some bear claws as I did not have red beans on hand and it was very tasty. The possibilities are endless. The hardest part is just the tedious work of rolling. I used a little water on my finger tip (use food gloves btw!) to seal the bottom then rolled again in cornstarch for a neat flat ball. I can’t wait to try with more fillings!

Girlfriend really loves these treats and it brings us closer together. Easy and a wonderful time making these fun treats!

Try Stiring batter until its fluffythen Microvae for 3.5 minutes, but take the bowl out and stir thouroughly every minute until the time it up :)

It’s very easy to follow and simple. Haven’t tasted the results yet. But I do suggest heating just the water up first before adding it all together makes easier to mix and mold with hands and that way suggest only 3 minutes in microwave.

I haven’t made it, but I don’t know how else to ask these questions. Can you replace the paste with ice cream? At what temp would you bake if you use an oven? And that’s it, thank you!

It was super quick easy to make the mochi! Nothing beats fresh mochi!

super easy and good texture

I made this with Splenda! Delicious!!

