very simple, i love making these either to snack on or for a dinner. my only change is i make a solution of white vinegar, about a cup, and 2 table spoons of sugar, and mix this with the rice before i begin. It adds just the right amount of flavor to the rice, so its not so over whelming. after adding the vinegar, just wet you hands and shape like always :D

Thought everyone might want to know.  When we make this (learned from my japanese mom), we put the bonito in the middle also.  But, my mom puts soy sauce on the flakes first.   It kind of melts down, but makes it easier to put in the middle and gives a nice salty kick.   I can't imagine eating just plain flakes with out the soy on it.  I've never seen it anywhere without the soy and bonito inside.  Try some flaked salmon with soy also.  That is how I've always seen it or bought in Japan.  Also, most of the time she puts msg (or accent) on the outside or gives it a quick shake into the batch when shaping them.  Actually, every one on my japanese side does it.  I don't think that they has much of a problem with msg as they do here.

delicious worth an hour. my kids loved them sooooo much

It was super easy to make and tasted amazing

Made them and inserted diced chicken with seasonings. Simple but AMAZING! Loved it.

I really liked this recipe, but I had to make smaller portions because the rice kept falling apart and I have small hands. Later I just started pressing the rice harder and it went together, but I still wasn’t able to make triangles so I just made balls. Overall this is a really great recipe that I would recommend!

so much fun to make

Simple base recipe works to give way to more variations. I would recommend adding a little rice vinegar to water, then sprinkle salt on your hands before handling the rice. This way the rice will not stick to your hands and the onigiri can be formed in its proper trangle shape.

Have been reading Musashi to my son and he eats rice balls throughout the book. I am familiar with a lot of Japanese dishes, but have never tried onigiri before. I decided to give them a try and the kids and I loved them! I filled them with tuna salad and chicken salad, wrapped a small piece of nori at the bottom and sprinkled the tops with vegetable furikake. They were delicious and my daughter who is a picky eater at 2 at lunch and then wanted them for dinner too! Definitely a hit and will make again!!

The rice stayed together, but it was kind of mushy in an unpleasant way. I'll make it again, but I think I'll let it sit for less time than it says to.

I use a spicy tuna filling that was amazing.

