Hi! I am the submitter of this recipe, and this is an AUTHENTIC teriyaki recipe. In Japan they do not use less sodium soy sauce. I myself do, but I wanted to stay true to the recipe when I submitted it. So, if you are the type of person who isn't used to salt, or prefers an americanized sweeter teriyaki, this may not be for you :) Enjoy!

I don't think I've ever rated a recipe one star, and I hate to go against all the 5 star reviews, but I have to say I really didn't like this!  I didn't want to look up my usual recipe, so I thought I'd try this one, given all the great reviews.  I thought it was soooo salty, (and I use low-sodium soy sauce.) I kept adding sugar to try and cut the saltiness.  I've managed to salvage it that way, but I probably added close to 1 cup of sugar, and I don't think my kids are going to like this (though we'll give it a shot) I looked up my recipe, which is from a Japanese cookbook, and it's basically equal amounts of soy/mirin/sake(or not, there are variations), along with about half the amount of sugar. So, 2:2:1, soy, mirin and sugar.  I always add garlic and black pepper, and sometimes the vinegar, usually not though.  I also don't usually add the oil (though my recipe does call for a tiny amount)  Anyway, I guess our tastes are for a sweeter, stickier teriyaki sauce, and this recipe just wasn't it.  Sorry!

This recipe came out perfect for me. I use tamari in place of soy due to an allergy. But otherwise, stuck to the recipe. Great for marinating chicken, pork, beef - really pleased with this one and the whole family liked it. Thanks! I've even boiled the sauce after marinating with it, and used the tiniest bit of corn starch to foster thickening - worked like a charm so the ones who love a flavor boost can add it to sandwiches, leftovers, rice bowls.

I made the recipe as written but was disappointed with the result.  It was incredibly salty and was almost bitter.  I thinned out the sauce with pineapple juice and added more sugar and some honey to make it edible for my family.  This one is not for me!

Don't have mirin, or can't find it?  I discovered i was out and used a mixture of Patron Citronge tequila and water...i may not go back to mirin... it was perfect.  You could also use vermouth or sherry.I've been making my own recipe of teri sauce for about 20 years, i believe this one is slightly better.  I think it's because she uses more fresh garlic and ginger than i was.This really is a fantastic recipe.  If you want to give it a bit more body... you can add some corn starch (or rice flour) mixed in water.Thank you so much for posting such a wonderful sauce!

Made as directed.  We, (adults) loved the authenticity of this sauce/marinade.  Kids thought it was too salty.  So divided it in half and added about 1.5-2 TBS of pineapple juice and put it over white rice with leftover rotisserie chicken with microwave steamed multi-colored sweet peppers and onion and bean sprouts (used about 4 cups total chicken and veggies and about 2 TBS pineapple juice instead of water).  We did not use all of the marinade/sauce.

I think this was an excellent sauce! The only thing I added was some pineapple juice. 

I bottled the sauce, let it cool, and put it in my refrigerator. During the week, I can defrost some chicken breasts and pull out the sauce for a quick and delicious dinner.

Very good recipe!

This is the best!  I will never use a bottled teriyaki sauce again.

Love this one! Be sure to test the sauce to adjust salt/sweet.  I put + garlic and ++ ginger.

OMG!! THIS IS AMAZING!!

I followed verbatim but cut in half.  I thought it was too strong tasting so I added a little bit of water, half of a fresh squeezed orange and a squeeze of fresh lemon to brighten it.  Perfect!!

