Honest - this is the real thing.  The secret is the Dashi granules.  I'm a teacher and had a Japanese student bring me the box his mom used to make their miso soup.  Had to go to a Japanese market to get it - but it was worth it.  They do sell miso with dashi flavoring - which I used.  I used soft tofu, and added some sliced ginger while heating the soup.  It was just like my local restaurant - and I'm so glad I can make it cheaper than the $1.50 they charge for a small bowl.  Will fix it often!  Miso is supposed to be very healthy.  High sodium, though.  The market sold low-sodium miso - may try that when I'm out of the current one.

I would have given this more stars if it had seaweed in the recipe, and if it had more miso. We added the amount listed but it was bland. Next time we will put in more miso and it should be fine. We did add seaweed- just be sure you soak dried seaweed in water before you add it, or it will suck up all the water from your soup. Thank you for the recipe though, we will try it again.

This soup was just as easy as instant but bursting with flavor! I added mushrooms and for the dashi I used 1 tsp dried kelp and 1 tsp dulse granules. Thank you for a wonderful miso soup recipe.

I made my own dashi (it was super easy) and used this recipe for proportions of other ingredients.My miso soup loving child wanted seaweed in it but said it tasted really good. We used red miso paste.

Delicious recipe! Simple and only thing I did differently is added seaweed.

Adding Kombu makes a world of difference

I have been eating this for about 6 days straight! Needless to say I am hooked. Have tried different addition every day. I have a garden running over with greens so this has been awesome and I am on a weight loss journey too. Don't skip the Dashi it is a game changer. I love cayenne and Sriracha with it too. I prefer the firm tofu!!! Japanese soup spoons are in the mail...LOL! Thank you.

Very authentic tasting. Only modification was to add some sliced mushrooms.

This is OK, but a serving probably contains your entire daily sodium allowance.  The dashi powder is full of salt (as is miso, but this IS miso soup, so...).  As the author says, Japanese make dashi broth from basically three things: water, Kombu (seaweed), and dried bonito (fish) flakes, the latter ingredients are worst case available on Amazon. This makes a broth just like the restaurant (unless they are cheating with dashi powder) and no salt in the broth.  It's easy.  Impress your friends and family with your authenticity.

Used red miso.  Absolutely restaurant quality!!  Super recipe and VERY easy!

great flavors and very nutritious!

