I used traditional tonkatsu (yakisoba) sauce for this instead of making the sauce from scratch and it was awesome - made by Kikkoman and found at my regular grocery store. I also added fresh grated ginger, minced garlic, and a few dashes of soy sauce instead of a whole 1/2 cup. For extra veggies we threw in bean sprouts and mushrooms. We added a dash of crushed red pepper for a little kick - this was very tasty and cooked nicely in my wok! Try the tonkatsu sauce - it will definitely give you the yakisoba flavor you are looking for!

This recipe is getting rave reviews so it's obviously very popular and delicious to the reviewers, but having lived in Japan for 23 years, I must say this is not an authentic recipe.  A true Japanese yakisoba recipe would never have any chili sauce in it, and it would be finished with matchstick red pickled ginger and Aonori (green flake-type seaweed).  Japanese foods tend to have very subtle favors which probably does not have "enough kick" for the American palate, and as a result, recipes tend to get modified quite extensively.  I mean no offense by this review, just wanted to inform the public.

Just as described. My whole family loved it! Flavorful and a good mix of veggies. Will definitely be making this again!

Things I’ve made one of the most horror recipes I’ve made in a while. So so salty and that’s all you could taste never ever.

Delicious! First time making Yakisoba. I added honey and ginger with the soy sauce. I also marinated the chicken with a 1/2 tsp of sesame oil, 1 tbp of olive oil (you can also use canola ), eyeballed the following seasonings: garlic powder, onion salt, ginger, red pepper flakes,  & black pepper. Chicken tasted delicious!!! :-)

It was ok

Added honey to the chili paste and ginger to the chicken and it was delicious.

This has easily turned out to be one of our family favorites. 4 stars only because it’s so spicy (for someone who doesn’t care too much for spicy foods). Next time I will only put a TBLS or less of chili paste.

What a wonderful dish! I wanted something different today, and this fit the bill. It has a nice bite to it!! The only thing I did differently was I used a box of Japanese Ramen Noodles for the noodles. I also cooked everything double the time stated..I like my cabbage and carrots cooked til soft, that's just me.

My kids love this dish! I changed it up some. I substitute chicken with ground beef. I use chopped green onions, a teaspoon of saracha chili garlic sauce and a teaspoon of ginger. I also use the green giant tricolor slaw mix for my veggies.  It is a great 30 minute meal that usually you have most of the ingredients in the fridge and pantry.

This was absolutely delicious and relatively easy to make.  I used wheat soba noodles because that was all I could find at the time.  Think they cook a little faster than the others.  So yummy!

