The reason these don't taste like a traditional Jewish bakery is the butter: a Kosher baker would use oil so that the hamentashen will be pareve.  

I've made these and the oil recipes; both taste great to me.  However, for those of you needing a non-dairy hamentashen, go with the other hamentashen recipes.

While the cookie dough is indeed delicious, this is not like the bakery hamantashen here in the Northeast. It is basically a butter cookie with jam filling.  I used only 3/4 cup sugar in the recipe and it was still too sweet.  I also left out some of the butter and it was still too buttery!!  I will alter this recipe or find another one to fit my tastes better.  If you're used to a classic New York style hamantashen from a Jewish bakery, try a different recipe.

50 pieces. Tastyunfortunately not parve but ok

I liked this dough - it was very easy to work with and had a nice flavor.  I also enjoyed the texture - it is more of a doughy / cakey type of texture, which I like vs a shortbread type of dough, which I have made in the past.  This is just my preference for a hamantashen.  My only criticism is that I thought it could be a tad sweeter.  Maybe if I had used a sweeter filling, it would have balanced out, but it just fell a little short for me.  I would try adding a little bit more sugar the next time.

I love this recipe!! I've made it these the past two years and everyone loves them! The dough is buttery and the orange juice is a perfect offset to any jam or filling you use (raspberry is my favorite and I've also done apricot). I find the baking time is more like 12-14 minutes if you freeze the cookies before putting them in the oven. You really have to watch for browning on the bottoms as the tops barely get any color by the time they are ready (too long in the oven and they get dry). Happy Purim!

Kinda bland.

These pastries are delicious!  The first time I made them, I rolled them too thick and they were a bit doughy.  I was careful to roll them thin the next time.  Also, make sure the edges are sealed tightly or the cookie will open up during baking.  I tried poppyseed filling and apricot preserves. The apricot is my favorite, so far.  When cool, I also like to dust them with icing sugar.

The base was really cakey, and while you could definitely taste the butter, it was really bland.

BEST recipe for Hamantashen!  This is an easy no fail recipe that I share with all my friends and they always thank me after making them.  They are different from the bakery ones in that they are SO MUCH BETTER!  I use butter.

I made these and they are the softest, lightest, most delicious ones yet. I used vegan Earth Balance sticks in place of butter and almond milk in place of orange juice. I really just didn't have the orange juice and wanted them to still be pareve. I took some to a meeting and people couldn't stop eating them! 

I chilled the dough and rolled it out on parchment paper to contain the mess. I did use a fair bit of flour under and on top of the dough to be able to remove the circles and move to the baking sheet (also lined with parchment). I followed the baking instructions to a t. I used canned pie filling (prune, apricot and raspberry). I also made some with chocolate chip cookie dough left over from another effort. All are great!

Unbelievably easy and truly a new holiday tradition. And talk about delicious, I had to slap myself from eating them!

