The first time I made this bread following exactly the recipe, but when I looked at the dough in the machine it was VERY crumbly, so I had to put more milk.  Since the bread was delicious, I tried it an other time (to give to my in-laws) and I tried it with an extra egg (3 instead of 2).  The dough was perfect and everybody liked it very much!

I won't be trying this recipe again.Bread didn't rise and was crumbly.

This was FANTASTIC, exactly followingthe recipe (well except for butter instead of margarine! don't use that) I think the folks having issues need to weigh the flour and I always check during the first minutes, give a quick sweep with a rubber spatula around the edge of the pan to make sure all flour gets incorporated, takes 5 seconds max.

This has become our family favorite.In a Black & Decker bread machine. Basic bread setting. The only change is I use Rapid Rise yeast so just under 1 tsp otherwise it will touch the lid inside. Perfect crust and very soft and chewy inside.

This was the first bread maker recipe that has worked in every way - perfectly rounded at the top and delicious! Making it again this morning to have ready for company. I saved it to my recipes file! Thank you so much!

I’ve been wanting to make challah from scratch for so long. This recipe was great as a “base” for my bread Zojirushi Breadmaker. They have a special milliliter measuring cup. Take 80ml half & half, 130 ml water, 1 large egg + 2 egg yolks beaten, 3 1/3 C Bread flour, 3.5 Tbsp Allulose, 1 tsp salt, 4 Tbsp unsalted Miyokos vegan butter, and 1 packet Fleishmans Rapid Rise yeast into bread machine pan in that order. Select course 11 and hit start. If it beeps, open and close lid. Take dough out at complete time and divide into 3 parts approx 10.7+-oz. each. Roll into long strand and braid, pinching tucking ends, placed on a floured wooden board. Cover with parchment then cloth, and place in 95 degree oven for 50 mins to rise.  Remove & turn on oven to 350. Glaze the loaf evenly with thin layer of egg white mixed with 1 tbsp water. Transfer onto parchment-lined baking tray. Bake for 30 minutes, then cool on wire rack.

I did what another reviewer said and added 1 Tbsp more of sugar, and used 2 very large farm fresh eggs (probably equal to 3 regular sized eggs). I had to let it rise in my bread machine about 2 hours on the dough setting, because it didn’t rise properly, probably due to something I did wrong. BUT my persistence paid off. I made them into rolls instead of the loaf or braid as some ppl did. I baked them at 350 degrees for 27 minutes (I watched them closely). This recipe is amazing! With a few adjustments it was perfect.

The dough looked incredibly goopy in the bread maker, it didn't take all the flour off the walls (so it had clumps of flour in the final product), and the loaf was VERY small (about  half the pan). But overall, it tasted good and will make great sandwiches or french toast.

Just a brief PSA:

I'm sure this challah bread is delicious. I wish there were a disclaimer advising although traditionally challah is a Jewish bread eaten on Shabbat and Jewish holidays (except Passover), THIS recipe isn't kosher (due to the dairy products in the recipe). 

Therefore, this bread shouldn't be served or gifted to Jews who keep kosher (for example, as a hostess gift if you're invited to share a meal with a Jewish family).

End of PSA! ??

This is a great bread recipe.  I cut the recipe in half and used the dough cycle. I made 6 dinner rolls and 2 large kolachky with leftover blueberry filling. Excellent rolls and wonderful kolachky. I definitely will make  this recipe again.

I love this bead recipe!  I made a couple of substitutions getting tips from other posts. Three eggs work beast if you are braiding the bread and baking in the oven for 35min at 375’  I also doubled the yeast for oven baking. Makes a beautiful big loaf.

