I've been using this recipe for about 5 years, and it's always a hit. I double it and bake it in a bunt pan. Fantastic.

It was ok... could have been a little morre moist.  The cinnamon mix didnt do much to complement the cake.

Always consistent and so flavorful. I ALWAYS get a ton of compliments. I quadruple the recipe and give as gifts, also.  Thanks for the Great recipe Sal !!

Here are my changesBrown sugar instead of confectionToasted almonds instead walnuts1 Cup of buttered Graham cracker crumbs I had leftover from making a cheesecake crust put into the nut mixture1/2 tsp salt to the cake batterBaked for 46 min

I've made this recipe several times, for several occasions and it is always a big hit!  It's moist and just the right amount of cinnamon.  Great for breakfast, brunch or midnight... always satisfies!

This is an amazing coffee cake!  The recipe is great just as is.  Also, tried it  with a bit more sour cream and brown sugar.  This is definitely a keeper recipe.  I have made it several times already.  Received many compliments and requests for sharing the recipe.  Yummy!

Used brown sugar instead of confectioners. Delicious

This is almost exactly the same as the cake my family has been making for at least 4 generations, only we all called it “Grandma’s ( or Mom’s, depending on which generation was speaking) coffee cake”. None of us ever used confectioners sugar... either granulated white, turbinado, or brown but never powdered. My niece actually rolled her eyes when I mentioned that!

Delicious, light coffee cake! I even mistakenly added the melted butter to the nut mix before I put it in and on the cake. I'm not sure if that changed anything, but it still tasted pretty perfect. The biggest discrepancy I had with the instructions is that my cake was completely baked at 38 minutes, not 60. Thanks for this wonderful recipe.

Super moist and delicious tasting cake. I also have success doubling it for a large Bundt pan. I love the nut crumble in the middle, such a nice additional flavour and texture.

I only put the nut crumble in the middle in a bundt to avoid fusing it to the pan, though I'm sure a skilled baker could have it on top as well.

It is good with the confection sugar in the nut mix, though I tend to use brown sugar as i often do not have the other.

I haven’t tasted it yet but I had a problem with the batter. I doubled the recipe and used a Bundt pan. The batter was very thick so I cut it with some skin milk. I also used Stevia and Splenda brown sugar. The house smelled so good while it was baking.

