hi I'm writing from Israel, I'm Jewish, and I agree that NOTHING in the world beats a good bowl of chicken soup, especially when it's winter and/or you're not feeling well. HOWEVER, I must add a small remark: this recipe is NOT KOSHER.
I don't keep kosher, but I should explain why: any mix of dairy with meat is forbidden for all religious Jews. since the matzo balls in this recipe are made with butter, they are dairy. if you want this recipe to be kosher, substitute the butter with butter-flavored shortening, just make sure it's kosher, and non-dairy. enjoy.

I love matzo ball soup!...but while the balls float, they don't seem to expand.  Instead of turning out large and fluffy, they're smaller with tough insides. Any advice?

Good soup. Takes a few tries to get the matzo balls right though.

I haven't made it yet. I'm looking for a similar recipe to my Oma's Ball Soup; we're not Jewish, but German & her soup was the best. as people back then didn't write down their recipes, I have to rely on the internet to find similar recipes. Thank you so much for sharing yours!

I used thyme instead of parsley this year. It has a nice flavour. My daughter loves it.

Waaaaay too much onion, and if you follow the directions, they come out uncooked. I would  use maybe a quarter of one onion instead of two while onions. Plus, the broth is thin and boring. Otherwise, it seems fine.

Very Good! I always loved Matzo Ball Soup, but never made my own. I followed this recipe pretty much to the T, just with minor adjustments based on other reviews and my own tastes. Instead of soaking the matzo in water I used half water half chicken stock and just enough to moisten, so no need to drain. I added extra salt to the mix and 1 onion which I minced and then sautéed in the butter before adding the matzo. I suggest after you make your tester ball, taste it then you can add more seasoning if you want. I made it hearty by adding some Rotisserie chicken, carrots and celery to the stock and seasoned the stock with parsley, onion powder, salt and pepper to taste.

Terrible....This was my first attempt at making this soup so I followed the recipe exactly - I should have studied other recipes before going with this one in the first place....The matzo balls weighed a ton and tasted disgusting.....It took me all day to prep and I ended up throwing the whole mess into the garbage.....

I subbed vegetable oil for the butter and fork whipped the eggs before adding. Delicious! I will be making again and again.

Lovely.  Make sure you make your own chicken broth from scratch, or buy the absolutely best quality prepared stock you can find, or it won't be worth the effort to make these.  My Jewish sister in law was suitably impressed, though I did warn her they were not kosher.

This was my first time making Matzo Ball Soup and I'm happy with how it turned out. I read most of the reviews and took some advice. I added a little more salt to the water to cook the matzo balls, I cooked some chopped carrots, celery and a bit of onion in the chicken broth to add flavor, and I only used about 3/4 of an onion for the balls since 2 onions seemed way overkill. Don't forget to oil your hands when you are forming the balls. I found that I needed more broth, between it cooking off, and the matzo balls soaking it up. This recipe will feed an army, though. I made probably 50 balls. It's a little messy, and I was worried about it coming together, but it turned out really great. Please note...it took a lot longer than the 55 minutes listed in the recipe, more like 2 hours since it seemed to take so long for the matzo to seem "dry". I gave up after a while because I didn't have the time but it all worked out and was very tasty.

