Amazing! I lived in Israel until I was 12. I was skeptical at first, but the first bite send me back to my childhood. I used to get these at our local store during Hannukah.  Traditionaly these are injected with some strawberry jam in the center and rolled in powder sugar.  If you dont have self-rising flour:  For 1 cup self-rising flour use: 1 cup all-purpose flour  1 1/4 teaspoon baking powder  a pinch of salt.

I prepared this wonderful recipe tonight and wow!!! I watched the video and it said to shape the dough into 6 balls.... that’s way too big. I shaped them into 2” balls instead. I undercooked the first batch so back in the oil they went for an additional 3-4 minutes. My husband was very much looking forward to eating them. I filled them with my homemade strawberry freezer jam and rolled them into powdered sugar. I highly recommend not using freezer jam.  They were truly delicious and very special! The Greek yogurt adds wonderful tang to this tasty treat. This one is a keeper and I will make again.

No changes to the recipes. It’s possible that this tasted exactly the way it was supposed to, but for us it wasn’t sweet enough to make it worth calorie splurge. It was just fried bread, which isn’t a bad thing, but not what we were hoping for.  We’ll try another recipe next year.

I served them with powdered sugar and a side of jelly, since they usually are served jelly filled.

These are yummy and super easy to make, but the texture and denseness are quite different than traditional sufganiyot. I made a batch of these and a batch of yeast-based sufganiyot (from an Israeli friend's recipe). I took them to a Chanukah party and asked people to vote. Every single person, including several Israelis, voted for the yeast-based donuts. It is still a good recipe for easy donuts, but it's just not the same as traditional sufganiyot.

Yummy. I love jelly donuts and these were awesome. My local jewish bakery makes them sooooo good and this came close.

I love real french beignets (not the NOreleans style), and Jewish doughnuts are the only thing that tastes closest! My Israeli friend made them for me for Christmas/Hannukah-she swore I would love them and she was right, they were fabulous! Oh, I love them! Thanks Aviv,for the self-rising sub., and Jesusistheway for the lowerfat version, and M. Levy for the recipe! (It is a good way to not throw that not too old yogurt away..)!

Excellent!  I used 4T white sugar instead of 2T white and 2T vanilla sugar, and vanilla yogurt instead of plain, because that's what I had on hand.  I filled them with strawberry jelly and rolled in powdered sugar--so good!

This recipe is a good one. The only thing I would do is make them smaller and put more sugar in. Some of them came out a little doghy in the middle.

Amazing! I lived in Israel until I was 12. I was skeptical at first, but the first bite send me back to my childhood. I used to get these at our local store during Hannukah.  Traditionaly these are injected with some strawberry jam in the center and rolled in powder sugar.  If you dont have self-rising flour:  For 1 cup self-rising flour use: 1 cup all-purpose flour  1 1/4 teaspoon baking powder  a pinch of salt.

