This came out wonderful.  I love savory breakfasts and this really hits the spot!  I multiplied by about 10 and used 36 eggs.  Our staff really enjoyed it.  Thank you!

Wasn't bad. Had leftovers for breakfast the next day. As a dinner, would be better served over a carb such as rice or mashed potatoes, I think.

This is easy to make and tastes delicious!

Recipe was fine but presentation just too much hair and gestures -

This is SO good!!!  Its like eating spaghetti sauce and pizza topping at the same time :) I added some left over black olives and some corn I just harvested from the local U Pick, and Parmesan cheese on top. Ive got some low carb flour tortillas I'm going to brush with olive oil, cut into wedges and air fry to eat with this! And an avocado thats sitting in the fridge!!ps.the first time i used fresh tomatoes and the next time i used canned. NOT a fan of the canned tomatoes so i will always stick with fresh.

Randman says...This is one of those old world recipe's where you can't go wrong, once you get the hang of it.  Seasonal ingredients & herbs were used when avilable  i.e. black olives & fresh basil or fennel - and any kind of green thrown in.With my take I start off  by frying button mushrooms in butter with a big handfull of fresh spinach sauteed in the mix at the last minute so that it's partially wilted. This makes a great base & adds more fiber & flavour to this recipe'.  Go ahead with the rest of the ingredients as posted, & when everythig is nearly finished, top things off with  a handfull of freshly cut herbs, like basil, & then a big handful of freshly grated parmesan. The idea is It's supposed to be fresh - from the garden & the coop.      I've been making this for years minus the peppers & onions & less tomato, always romas,  too so it's not soupy.  Add more eggs too & you have a meal that will easily serve four. Plate up with some fresh greens & some sliced avocado on the side & top all with some chopped green scallions.    My favorite dressing is simply fresh lemon with a few drops of  evoo & you now have a very impressive meal fit for invited guests.  Yep -  It's already dressed for the party.   I would suggest serving a lite white wine like prosecco and grab a loaf of sourdough from the bakery - torn, not sliced, around the table with gobs of herbed butter...& freshly sliced watermelon for dessert. It's traditional peasant food fit for royalty.

Remind me to never eat breakfast in Tunisia. Could have been helped with some ground pork sausage.

Wonderful flavors and an excellent way to enjoy the end of summer tomatoes. Had to sub chili pepper for 1/4 tsp  Tabasco. Served it with french fries. Thank you for contributing this recipe

Made the recipe as written and it was delicious!

Add in some cilantro and and tortillas and you've got Huevos Ranceros ....or 'Ranch Eggs' Mexican style.

Look's

