Great!!!It is one of the most famous dessert, especially at holidays, Christmas and New Years eve. In Corfu, it is the most favorite dessert at Saint Spyridon's day, which is the most glory day on the whole island! They could be even without the eggs. And without putting on the honey surop but some powdered sugar with a lot of cinnamon!!!Delicious!!!

These were ok, but I found the dough was pretty bland and not at all sweet. Next time I will definately increase the sugar in the dough- maybe to 1/2c? Also I added the cinnamon to the honey syrup as it cooked, rather then sprinkling it on top. This made it easy to evenly coat the loukoumades with cinnamon. I found that 2 tbsp of dough was to much for one, so I decreased the size to 1 big tbsp instead.

They turned out a little flat and can burn easily.

My family is Greek-American, and though this was my first time making these, I’ve had them many times before. The dough is delicious, and the honey syrup was perfect (though next time I’ll dunk them in the syrup a bit instead of just drizzling it as I prefer soaked loukoumades).  Shaping them took some practice. I originally made mine too big and not perfectly round, but by the end they were the way I like them.  I did dip the spoon in oil instead of water. And to shape them, I took a cue from a video on YouTube to perfect the process of grabbing the dough with one hand, squeezing out a small ball between my index finger and thumb, and then using the oiled spoon to cut/scoop it away neatly for the oil. I’ll definitely be making these again.

These were pretty good. I had to cut down the amount to cook to 1 tbsp, as they started burning before fully cooked through at 2 tbsp. I found the syrup too thin, so we just drizzled them with honey and cinnamon directly.

Omg. Just omg. 
Added some brown sugar and corn starch to make the sauce thicker. It made about 80-100 balls for me wow! Might cut recipe in half next time.

They were perfect and pretty easy to make tbh

These were delicious.  However, I was hoping they'd be a little lighter with the egg.  I had syrup already prepared with cinnamon already in it.

AWESOME  ,  THERE GREAT AFTER THERE FRIED.,.,  VERY CRISPY AND OUT OF THIS WORLD   THE ONLY PROBLEM IS THAT IF YOU PUT THEM IN THE FRIG THEY TEND TOO GET SOGGY....  MAYBE THE TOASTER WILL WORK AFTER COMING OUT OF THE FRIG

i did ittt

Definitely tasted good. I followed some suggestions in the comments to add the cinnamon and some sugar to the honey syrup, then let them soak in it. I would suggest using maybe half a teaspoon to a whole teaspoon of dough per puff; mine puffed up big while frying. It also made so many that it took me 2 hours just to fry them all 0.0

