I have made this cake hundreds of times over the last 35 years with the following changes:
Use 4 to 5 large apples (preferably Rome apples - they are nice and firm, not too sweet, not too tart); use 1 tablespoon vanilla; be generous with the cinnamon/sugar mixture - at least 1/2 cup sugar and 2 to 3 tsp. cinnamon (I never really measure it, just dump it on there!);  pour cinnamon/sugar mixture over apples then set aside; I always use a large tube pan coated with  Baker's Joy for even baking; bake for at least 1 1/2 to 1 3/4 hours. When finishing putting batter and apples into pan, I drizzle the juice from the apples on top for a finishing touch. It also seems important in the way you mix the batter. First I start with beating the eggs and sugar together; combine the flour, salt and baking powder together; then add alternately the flour mixture and oil, then the orange juice, then lastly the vanilla. This cake comes out perfect every time! Always gets rave reviews and requests for the recipe.

SO Disappointing...
I was really, really hoping this would be good, but I thought it came out bland. The cake I made is edible, but certainly not worth the time I spent making it. The cooking time is way off, and this recipe definitely needs something more!!

Made this 3X in the last week it's THAT good! First time followed directions exactly and it came out perfectly. Second time I messed with the recipe a bit and it didn't make it out of the pan! Third time back to original easy to follow recipe and rave reviews!

followed janices review.

I couldnt find my mom’s recipe, so I used this one.  I mixed the apples into the batter and also put the cinnamon and sugar in the batter too.  I saved some to sprinkle on top after its done.  I also added chopped walnuts.  This came out nicely - almost as good as Mom’s!

followed janyce's review.  turned out great.  baked 1 hr. 20 min. maybe a little less next time.  left in pan 20 to 30 min. came out great.

I enjoyed making the recipe.  As I was combining the ingredients I did only use two apples and extra shot of orange juice.  My bundt cake smoothly came out of the pan.  My goal was to achieve the smoothness of your bundt cake.  I added two types of drizzle on top for our taste buds.  This is my result:

This cake is good. Extremely moist. I baked mine 70 min in tube pan. Toothpick came out clean but when I cut into it a little if it was uncooked. However, that being said, still delicious. I used 4 medium Granny Smiths. Apples were nice and tender in cake. I decided to do three layers like many other reviewers. Yum! Next time I’ll add cinnamon to bottom of pan, apples on top of it then batter (which is very thick). And bake a bit longer. Overall good cake!

I followed the recipe to the letter even baking in a tube pan instead of a bundt pan.  The apples on the second layer of batter are sprinkled with cinnamon, but not covered by any of the cake batter.  There were two layers of batter, apples, cinnamon, but the slices on the first layer inside the cake rose to the top, then more apples were added.  As a result, after cooking for 70 minutes, the top apple slices were a little on the dry side.  It isn’t light in texture, just a bit dense (not that that’s a huge issue), and actually tastes an awful lot like coffee cake.  We enjoyed this, but I'm not convinced I’ll make again.

This cake is absolutely delicious! My only changes were to make it in a 12 cup bundt pan (it took 68 minutes to bake) and to mix the apples with the cinnamon and sugar mixture. It came out perfectly! The cake is moist, has a lovely crumb, and the apple-cinnamon filling is divine! Thank you so much for this recipe--it's a winner!

It’s really tasty, but I only had two apples (Gala) and cut down on the sugar by at least 1/2 cup. No other changes except used fresh orange juice.  Next time will add nutmeg and either tiny pieces of walnuts or pecans. It’s nice and moist, though, and not nearly as overwhelming as other recipes that call for more apples than this.  Definitely made me happy I cut down on sugar, but it goes great with milk.

