These blitz's where really good.  All of the family loved them, easy to make and very tasty.  I made them just like recipe calls for, worked out perfect!

They just were not as good as I had hoped.

I'm sorry but this was  the absolute worst blintze recipe  I've ever used! Seriously, they were absolutely horrible.  Where do I begin?...First, way too much lemon juice, I drained the cottage cheese over night in the fridge, but the blintzes were impossible to fry since the frying pan turned into a mushy watery blintze soup!

Made these blintzes with my boyfriend for a sweet dinner, we covered them in homemade blueberry sauce. This recipe is so easy for first time crepe-makers!!

While the filling did taste good, it was far too runny. I was unable to properly fill my blintzes as it just ran out the folds.

The recipe for the crapes was good, I mixed mine by putting it in a bottle and shaking the ever loving *explicit* out of it. Only had flour clumps in the first one that I poured I believe this is an acceptable outcome although that would've been easily avoidable by either mixing it properly or using a filter. 

For the filling I think next time I will be sticking to the regular ricotta and cream cheese mix as this will be far more stable and able to be formed around. I believe for the stuffing presented in this recipe maybe one egg would suffice and much less lemon juice. 

While I'm not scared of eating raw eggs and a little lemon science basically sanitizes them its still something that should be minded and approached cautiously as if done improperly could lead to some ill effects (pregnant mothers and children please take extra caution).

Good base just added cream cheese

After reading the reviews, I decided to use the basic crepe recipe  rather than this recipe, because the family would not have liked eggy tasting crepes. 
the filling was very tasty. I used  1 teaspoon crystallized lemon juice instead of fresh. After my son tasted the filling he complained it was too lemony and we added 1/4 teas vanilla extract.  We also used substitute sugar.  Very tasty.

Very very bland, the filling was too soft even when cooked, and the quantity was WAY off for the filling.  I made half and it filled all of the blintzes.  And the crepes are too eggy--I'll stick with the Basic Crepes recipe here, and another filling.

Not very tasty. It was an easy recipe, but very bland. I followed the recipe carefully. I love cottage cheese, but I didn't  like these.

REALLY enjoyed this recipe and so easy.  Thanks for sharing!

I made a couple substitutions - whole wheat flour and almond milk, and they turned out great! I didn't have lemon juice, but could tell that would have balanced the filling out perfectly.

