I am a first time cook of Beef Brisket, not to mention, that I don't often cook too much of anything else either, but I longed for the Beef Brisket Sandwich you get in a good Jewish Deli without going all the way to New York ;)  The Brisket turned out great; the flavor was exactly what I was aiming for. I thought that I had drown the brisket, as some of the other's did, the pot size is very important in proportion to the size of the piece of brisket, but as the recipe directed, ‘after removing the Brisket from the pot’, I simmered the broth with the Pot Lid ajar, until it reduced (about 1hr) to a fine delectably tasty gravy.  Yes this recipe will be well used and some of the hints in the other reviews as well, But, let us not forget this was and is the only recipe that I found that met my requirements for a Delicious mouth-watering Brisket of Beef sandwich.  My Gratitude and Appreciation to you FriendlyFood for submitting and sharing your Mothers Recipe.  Note: This was the first time since my Mother passed that I used her old seasoned & blackened (Dutch oven), I think that’s what it’s called?  Anyway it brought back many fond memories of her in the kitchen cooking her favorite recipes such as pot roast or turkey & giblet gravy.  Thanks & Regards

RECIPE NOTES:
 •  Be careful with the pepper (Don't over season, you can't change after it is cooked and too much pepper will make the Brisket inedible. If your not sure(try dusting off excess pepper before cooking)

•  Be sure to N

Needs more -- vegetables, carrots, celery, onions -- for a rich pot liquor.  Don't use water -- use a rich beef stock.   For an excellent piece of meat, be certain to buy a FIRST-CUT BRISKET!!

I had NEVER prepared a beef brisket before. This was so simple, tender, and moist! I did adjust a few things to fit my family's taste; added Vegetable broth instead of water, added garlic salt instead of salt, added a few dashes of liquid smoke, and prepared it in a cast iron skillet. The entire family RAVED about it.

It was incredibly salty and I washed it twice to get off the spices already on. It was dry and tasted like a salt lick. I tried all the tricks to tame down the crazy salty gravy. What a waste of ingredients

I prefer smoked brisket, or brisket slow-cooked in the oven, but this was pretty good, with tweaks. I did find it lacking in flavor. The 'gravy' needs a much richer flavor. Next time I would use beef broth instead of water. There was just too much water (if you are to follow the directions of almost covering the meat with water) and it just diluted the flavor. The meat also needs salt, not just the gravy. I had a small piece of brisket of about 3 lbs, so I cooked it a little less than the stated time. It game out tender and juicy. I browned the meat under the broiler to try and give it some color since it had faded during the simmer.

This was delicious - I was worried it might be bland, but I didn't change a thing and it was wonderful. Both my husband and I went back for 2nds and it was even better the next day for lunch!

I love brisket. I have a very good brisket recipe, BUT this recipe was off the charts its so  delish and oh so easy!  I did add carrots and used beef broth.  I definitely recommend it.

I added some wine, beef broth, and a bit of BBQ sauce because I had some and set it on high for 8 hours while a group of us on weekend getaway went hiking - too easy! In fact, the frozen brisket defrosted with the other ingredients in the crockpot while we drove there. Did I mention too easy? Delicious. Are it with salad and sour cream noodles.  Thank you!

The only thing I did not do was to cook the juices into a gravy.  The brisket fell apart as it was so tender.  Loved it!  I gave it three stars only because it was a simple recipe and nothing so much outside the box.  However, it was delicious!  Would definitely recommend!

This recipe was just OK. It definitely doesn't have much taste but the meat was the perfect texture. I made a homemade horseradish sauce for dipping to help with flavor.  Next time I'll use a different recipe, one with more seasoning.  But, I would absolutely use the directions in this recipe to get the meat so tender.

I made it for Rosh Hashanah dinner and it was a hit!!!
I followed the recipe and the only substitution I made is the use of low sodium beef broth instead of water. The next day the left over juice poured over sliced left over brisket I reheated in  the oven at 250 degree for 45 min. And it was even better then the first day. Great Recipe, thanks for sharing. A+++!

