I've always had trouble with an all-oil based dough, so I substituted a stick of butter for 1/2 cup of the oil, and beat it with the sugar before adding the eggs.  Then I refrigerated the dough for a couple of hours.  Two tablespoons of preserves ran out of the hamantaschen; 1 tablespoon is more than enough!

I'm a fairly decent baker.  I found this recipe to be easy but the directions were not that great.  The cookie tastes yummy (got my 3 year's old approval!) but was a mess.  I substituted the oil for butter, used milk instead of OJ and used 4.5 cups flour.  After doing a little research, I found the key to making this:  oven has to be 400 degrees to get it a little toasty, roll dough to 1/8 in and roll again to stretch it after you "cut into circles", only 1 tsp of preserves, and instead of pinching corners, fold and tuck. Unfortunately, I figured this out on my very last cookie which came out beautiful and perfect.  I will be starting over and making a new batch...

I followed the recipe exactly. (Only thing different was that I did chill in a covered bowl out in the garage until I was ready to bake.) Since many people commented on the corners falling apart, I was extra diligent about pinching as tight as I could, but they did flatten and puff up a little. I didn't lose any of the filling. They had a great taste! Still moist and delicious 3 days later. I did freeze 6 for another time, so will see how they do. I brought them to a supper where many people had not even heard of them, but everyone enjoyed them. Would definitely make again!

I've made the recipe many times. However, it is in desperate need of salt, so I add 1tsp to the dry ingredients and likely it could take more. I also substitute 1/2 a tsp of vanilla for almond extract. Also, it's important to chill the dough as per the note at the top. Otherwise, this recipe works great for me. Of course, you can use any spread in these cookies -- chocolate, apricot, raspberry, plum, whatever...Regarding comments of those substituting the oil for butter. That is ok if you are NOT Kosher. However, this turns the recipe into a DAIRY recipe meaning some Jewish families could not eat them after a meat meal. Just something to keep in mind.

Cookies came out great I didn’t have orange juice 😅 so I substituted with pinnapple/mango/lemon juice mix!  Will definitely use again. Thanks

I have never made such good hamantaschen.   I adapted the recipe to make it gluten-free.My cup measures were a bit smaller than standard, but my eggs also weren’t big.  I substituted fermented apple juice (diluted fifty percent, fermented with kefir grains adapted for the purpose:  I always have some in the fridge) for orange juice and didn’t add any baking-powder.   I doubled the amount of apple-juice. I substituted gluten-free bread flour for the regular flour in the recipe.  The result was a very soft sticky dough. For each hamantasch, I took a spoonful of soft dough, rolled it in gluten-free flour and shaped it into a three-inch disk.After putting in the teaspoonful of sweet filling on each disk,  I created the triangular pockets using a technique I read about elsewhere: getting the “pinwheel effect” by ensuring that each side was folded over at the left-hand corner and under at the right-hand corner.  That stopped the pastry cases from falling open in the oven.I baked them in a fan-heated electric oven on baking-paper, greased with rapeseed oil, at 170 degrees Centigrade for about twenty minutes.  I didn’t bother with the wire rack but made sure they weren’t stuck and left them covered but with room to breathe while they cooled.

Super easy. I added wet poppy and made about 10.  I substituted milk for OJ and butter for oil.  I pinched it first then put in the poppy seed.

The recipe called for more flour than was needed. I only used 4+ cups of flour. The dough was easy to work with. My problem was the three corners opened up in baking and most of them came out flat.

They taste great; but look terrible while they are backing, they flatten out to a cookie! Can anyone tell me what to do?

This is the 2nd time I've made these and I can't seem to get the three points to stay closed. During cooking they open up and look like a mess. Any thoughts on how to correct this?

I made this recipe following the instructions, but I used whole wheat flour and the dough was way too dry. I added some extra oil, but if I make this recipe again with whole wheat flour, I would use at least 1 cup LESS flour.

