This recipe is very tasty, but I had some questions about quantities.  I had a 3.5 lb breast of veal with rib bones.  I used half of the stuffing, which worked out fine. I baked it for 2.5 hours covered and another half hour uncovered.  Everything turned out fine.

Is the roast in the original recipe supposed to be five pounds boneless?  That's the only way I can see it holding the amount of stuffing called for, plus feed 15 people.  (Or maybe my family are just huge eaters!)  In any case, this was delicious, and thanks for posting!

for those who mentioned bone it should have stated that the veal should have been boneless.  I find the oven temp of 400deg for 3 1/2 hours too high.  then another 1/2 hour !!!  Reduce temp to 325 after 1/2 hour.  you will get better results.

This is a favorite from my childhood. Nearly the same recipe. Slightly different technique. My Russian grandmother always roasted a chicken in the same pan with the veal breast and always with the bones for flavor and texture. The dressing started with onion and chicken cracklings cooked in chicken fat and chopped. Parsley carrot and celery went in grated and raw--sometimes mushrooms--sourdough bread  or toasting white, eggs. We dried the bread in the oven and sprinkled water over it--very little as we tore the bread and always mixed with a fork until everything was well incorporated.  Seasoning for the dressing was just salt and pepper. Besides seasoning the veal with salt, pepper, garlic, and sweet paprika, my grandmother would add a couple of ripe tomatoes and break them up when she basted everything. Also, always sliced onion and chunked carrots  in the roasting pan under the meat. Oven temp at 350 all the way, covered for the first hour.

The only change I made was that I used wheat bread instead of white.  It was delicious and tasted like my mother's stuffed veal breast.

I had 2 small 1 1/2 lb breast cuts so I cut the quantity of ingredients to accommodate. I used a filet knife to cut the pockets deeply into the meat and stuffed them full. I increased the temp to 425 degrees because I was under pressure to get this done. After 2 1/2 hours covered I uncovered for an additional 25 minutes..DONE! Perfect! Rave reviews, even from my mother-in-law. Recognizing the normally fatty content of this cut of veal, I knew that 3 lbs would serve no more than 4 or 5...Excellent recipe!

My dear mom, a first generation Slovak, made a similar version of this for Holy Saturday before Easter. She got the recipe from her mother who was a sensational chef. The recipe obviously has Slavic/Christian roots from Eastern Europe, too!

Extremely fatty - did not care for this recipe at all.  No one would eat it.  Very disappointing after waiting for this meal to cook.

My mom always made this when we were growing up, but took the easy way out.  She would use Pepperidge Farms Stuffing mix and make that.  Also, she would layer the top of the meat with bacon.  For those who are not Jewish, give it a try, it's great!

This is a recipe my mom made when I was a child. The stuffing is wonderful and can be used with chicken or turkey also.  I did, however add sauteed spinach and roasted sunflower seeds to the stuffing mixture.  Thank you for sharing this recipe and taking me back to a very happy time in my life!!

for those who mentioned bone it should have stated that the veal should have been boneless.  I find the oven temp of 400deg for 3 1/2 hours too high.  then another 1/2 hour !!!  Reduce temp to 325 after 1/2 hour.  you will get better results.

I love veal!

