These were a huge hit at the office.  For anyone who is having issues with filling falling out, I would suggest pushing the chunky parts of the filling to the outside of the circle (leaving the cinnamon/sugar mixure in the middle) before rolling.  This way you can squeeze the raisins/nuts in as you roll.

Also if you don't want to make the crescent shape, you can use this recipe to make roulades (exactly the same cookie, just a cinnamon roll-like shape).  To do this, roll the dough out either into a rectangle or circle.  Then add the toppings.  Roll the dough with the filling.  Then cut into 1 inch pieces.  (Note: If you rolled into a circle, you'll need to cut a 1/4 inch piece off of each end before cutting the 1 inch cookie pieces.)  Place seam side down for baking.

My dough came out sticky not crumbly in the food processor. Double checked-ingredients correct. I want to make a few more batches. What did I do incorrectly?

This is the first time I've ever made rugelach--and it will not be the last!! Jackie, your recipe is awesome! I am amazed at how the rugelach dough comes out almost like a phyllo dough--it's layered and almost laminated; but without all that extra work! My only changes to the recipe were to add 1 tbsp sugar to the dough; and I toasted the walnuts before grinding them for the filling. I left out the raisins, and used brown sugar. I also egg washed the rugelach before baking to get a nice golden brown color to them. Finally, my rugelach needed about 30 minutes bake time to be fully done. I really enjoyed the process of making these--and how delicious they were when done! It was a fight to keep my hubby out of them! Thank you so much for sharing your recipe!

This is without a doubt the absolute best recipe I have ever used to make these!!!!!  I use seedless raspberry jam and mini chocolate chips for filling and use the back of a spoon to lightly press the chips into the dough.  Instead of rolling into a circle,  I roll this into a rectangle, add filling, and then cut in half and then cut in strips and roll them.  Less filling comes out and it is much easier and less mess.

Fabulous!Hint (learning from experience) chill everything! Chill the cut up butter,  cream cheese and sour cream, chill the knife you cut with, even  chill  the food processor parts. I even chill the counter! I lay ice packs on the rolling out area and  keep your hands cool. I  distribute the dairy items in the processor putting some flour on the bottom and more over the dairy. I have a medium size processor so I do half of the mix at a time leaving the first half in the fridge while processing the second part. Cold everything  is key to getting the crumble.Yummy!!!!

Fantastic! Literally the ONLY rugelach recipe one needs :) I did a date/nut/brown sugar, and then I piped out dark chocolate stripes on top …. And then because  I had leftover pears I half cooked in the stovetop  a basic apple (sub pears)  pie/butter/cinnamon/walnuts  and lots of fiber mixture and then filled my regulach with that. Highly recommend to try with any fillings. I love this recipe. Thanks mama!  (The ones picture follow the recipe exactly, except I am terrible at rolling crescents … BUT!!! U can really see the flakiness I of this beautifully forgiving pastry cookie whatever crust :)

This was my first time to make these delicious cookies. I prepared the dough the night before like suggested and what a great time saver. I rolled these out and baked early this morning. Wow! My house smelled so good as they were baking. I had to try one once they had cooled down and it did not disappoint. I know I had these before, I thought it was my first time trying them but I know I have them before with apricot jam or something similar..... this was truly a great recipe. I will make these again! Thank you for sharing this recipe.

Very rich pastry; very bland overall cookie. This is the first time I've had rugelach. It didn't live up to the hype for me. If I'm going to spend this much time making a cookie, it is going to be time spent making something much more flavorful than these.

I'd give it 5 stars, but I tweaked the recipe and combined it a bit with a Martha Stewart recipe- added just shy 1/2 cup of sugar and 3 egg yolks to the dough mix. Used both apricot and blackberry preserves.  Delish!

This is my go-to recipes. I follow it exactly but add a step to make this an A plus- I sprinkle sugar or cinnamon sugar across the top before baking. It gives it an extra nice little crunch.  Some variations I have tried are: mini chocolate chips (no additional sugar necessary), apricot jelly and currants (sugar on top), pumpkin butter, and cinnamon (rolled in cinnamon before baking). Super fun to experiment further

Such an easy and delicious recipe.. no changes were made perfect just as is.. I found that the longer the cookies chilled the better the outcome. This is def a keeper

