I made this recipe but instead of 4 cups of walnuts, I used 2 cups of raisins and 2 cups of chopped pecans.  For the raisins I boiled them in a cup of water for 1 minute then let them stand in the water until I was ready to use them.  This extra step makes for plump juicy raisins.  I then followed the instructions as shown to make the "braid".  This technic created the most beautiful Babka I've ever made.  This recipe is a keeper.  I will try next time using seedless raspberry jam and bittersweet chocolate.  Just an idea for new bakers, if you don't have an oven that proofs bread, turn your oven on to its lowest temp (125 degrees) and once its reached it  turn the oven off and leave the door open a crack to cool down.  When your ready to proof the dough you will have the perfect warm draft free place to do it.  Make sure you close the oven door while the dough is raising.  Good luck hope it works as well for you as it has for me.

This was a great recipe.  Easy to make.  I did not use the walnut filling, I made 3 of my own.  I also didn't use All purpose flour, which I think made my loaves a little more 'sturdy' (is the only word I can think of to describe the texture).  I will make this recipe again and use the All Purpose Flour rather than Bread flour.  I think using the proper ingredients, this recipe would certainly be a 5 star rating.The dough is easy to work with.  And beautiful to roll out.  I have never made Babka before or even eaten it before.  Once I spread the fillings, I made, over the dough and rolled it, the actual cutting and twisting was pretty simple.  Messy yes, but ABSOLUTELY worth it! Thanks for sharing this recipe

Absolutely delicious!

I used buttermilk, fed my yeast mixture with a bit of unsulphered blackstrap molasses and olive oil. Getting rave reviews!

Thanks so much for sharing.

James

This is delicious.  I'll be making this often.  The only changes I made was to add raisins and less walnuts, plus I brushed it with an egg wash instead of butter.

I made this today, and you are right it's messy, but so worth it!
followed the recipe exactly and I will definitely be making this again and again.

Great recipe !! turned out great. I used walnuts instead of pecans. Not sweat at all but a great taste.

It was awesome!  It was sweet but not too sweet. I made 3 loves and froze 2. My husband ate 3/4 of it himself!! The only parts I had trouble with was braiding it, it got quite messy, but the filling that squished out I just put on top of the dough.

Made this today and it turned out great. Twisting them was a bit of a challenge as the filling was a little wet and seemed to overload the dough. Cooking erased my worries, though. I made the cinnamon raisin ones and drisled icing on them.

I made this recipe but instead of 4 cups of walnuts, I used 2 cups of raisins and 2 cups of chopped pecans.  For the raisins I boiled them in a cup of water for 1 minute then let them stand in the water until I was ready to use them.  This extra step makes for plump juicy raisins.  I then followed the instructions as shown to make the "braid".  This technic created the most beautiful Babka I've ever made.  This recipe is a keeper.  I will try next time using seedless raspberry jam and bittersweet chocolate.  Just an idea for new bakers, if you don't have an oven that proofs bread, turn your oven on to its lowest temp (125 degrees) and once its reached it  turn the oven off and leave the door open a crack to cool down.  When your ready to proof the dough you will have the perfect warm draft free place to do it.  Make sure you close the oven door while the dough is raising.  Good luck hope it works as well for you as it has for me.

I saw this recipe in my Allrecipes magazine and knew I wanted to make it.  It was a very easy dough to prepare.  The filling was quickly made.  It reminds me of making cinnamon rolls, in that you roll out the dough (although thinner than cinnamon rolls) spread with filling and roll up.  Then the dough log is cut in half, lengthwise, and braided before putting into a loaf pan.  Yes, it is kind of messy, but really does make a very tasty and beautiful loaf--it will impress your friends!  I will be making this again as you can use many different fillings.  One suggested in Allrecipes magazine is using peanut butter and jelly, and that is one my hubby would love.  I followed the recipe as written, but since I was "road-testing" it, I did only make half a recipe--it made one full sized loaf and a small loaf.  Next time I will make the full recipe.   Thank you Nicholio for sharing this recipe!

