This bread was great!  I didn't have potato flakes so I didn't use them and took out 1/4 cup of water since I researched how much water is used to reconstitute them. I used regular sugar, not demerara, and I didn't have pickle juice so I used sauerkraut juice instead. Since I make a lot of bread I changed up the directions a little.  I mixed the sugar and yeast into about 110 degree water until the yeast became frothy, about 5 minutes. I mixed the flour, rye flour, caraway seeds, and salt together (I would have also mixed the potato flakes in with this dry mixture if I had used them).  I then poured the frothy yeast mixture, sauerkraut juice (or pickle juice)and oil into the dry mixture and mixed them all together. I then kneaded the dough for about 6 minutes with the dough hook in my kitchen aid. I put the dough into an oiled bowl and turned it to coat the whole dough. I let it rise, covered with a towel for about an hour or until doubled in size. I then punched it down and put it in an oiled loaf pan, covered it with a towel and let it rise for about an hour, or until a little over the loaf pan.  I cooked it at 350 degrees on the middle rack of the oven for 35 min.

I used 3 cups of bread flour and 1 1/2 cups of rye flour and added more to keep dough from sticking to bowl of the mixer, in a ratio of 2 Tbsp. bread flour to 1 Tbsp. rye flour. 
Dough came out silky smooth after being in the mixer for the 8 minutes.
Let raise in the proofer at 74 degrees for an hour, then put in 9 x 5 bread pan, and back in proofer for 1 hour and 15 minutes, for the final fermentation. 
Put in 350 degree oven and steamed the oven and the loaf almost doubled in size.
I usually bake at 460 for 15 minutes, then drop temp to 400 for about 14 minutes and check temp 190. Will do this the next time I make this bread. I make sourdough rye this way and it comes out great.
I live in Tennessee where you can't get good rye bread, so I decided to make my own and am now making it for others.

Better than store made.  I added ground Fennel instead of Caraway .

Love it!  Made it as written with one minor change….I used vegetable oil as I don’t like canola oil.  Other than that I followed as written.  Bread has a nice crusty top and with a nice light and airy texture with good crumb.  Will make this again.

We love the taste of this bread but I am having so much trouble getting it to stay risen.  It always seems to drop level to the baking pan and we end up with a short stout rectangular loaf.  It may be me but I’ve tried it many times.

This is the author of this recipe.  Thanks to everyone for trying my recipe and I am thrilled that you all enjoy this great Jewish Rye Bread.  Thank you from the bottom of my heart!!

this bread is my go-to rye—i probably make it once a week—altho I do wish the crust came out a little browner.

I make this in my Cuisinart bread machine and all done in 3 hours and 20 minutes.   This is my favorite rye recipe.

OMG, yum. Soft, fluffy, light, delish. Only changes I made ... reduced caraway in half, used regular sugar and coarse salt; made in bread machine (dough setting). Will make this forever.

It was easy and it went well.  I added raisins to mine only because I always like to do so.

I found the bread to be salty and sweet.

