I made a half recipe, just in case I wasn't crazy about it, and took it to my synagogue this morning (Saturday) for our small Sabbath service (our big one is Friday night).  Everyone went CRAZY when they tasted this!  It is super good, moist, very flavorful, with a nice chewiness to it.  They asked me to make it again, and often!!  I make challah for my husband (and me) every week, and he told me I could switch to this one!  I did use the wheat gluten, and I didn't use raisins, since I knew there would be people this morning who don't like raisins.  I will make it next Friday for our home challah WITH raisins, since my husband loves them.  Thanks so much for this!!!

The dough was so wet that I could not braid it. I couldn't shape it into a loaf. It was like batter. Extra kneading time did not help. I ended up pouring the "dough" into a bread pan and baking it. After 30 minutes, my thermometer read 90F in the center of the dough. Baking it for an extra 20 minutes finally brought the temp up to 190F. Now it's very rich sandwich bread, not challah. Don't trust the recipe as it's written. Don't trust my adjustments either, because I was in "rescue the ingredients" brain, not recipe writer brain.

Great! Easy and tasty on first time I made it. Two changes.1) added some flour as dough was wet (can happen anytime, depending on moisture in flour and/or air).2) Let dough rise longer than minimum time.

This was fantastic.  I did make some changes out of necessity.  I only had 2 1/2 cups of whole wheat flour so I subbed out all purpose for the rest.  I also had a lot of maple syrup, so I used that instead of honey. Didn't have the gluten, so skipped that.  I put on tbsp of maple syrup in a glass measuring cup and then added lukewarm water to make one cup and then added the yeast and stirred it.  When it got foamy, I stirred in one cup of the whole wheat flour to make a sponge and let that rise for 1/2 hour.  Then added the eggs, oil and rest of the maple syrup. Stirred it well, and then added one more cup of whole wheat flour and two cups of all purpose (with the salt mixed in).  Mixed it well with a wooden spoon (yes it was quite sticky, and then turned the mixture out into a clean well-oiled bowl to rise. When it doubled, sprinkled about another 1/2 cup of all purpose flour, finely grated rind of one large orrange and 4 ozs dried cranberries, stirred in up so more , covered it with a towel and let it rise in the fridge over night.  The next day, I let it come to room temperature and then cut it with a floured knife and braided it per instructions.  I dusted my hands and the board with more whole wheat flour but tried to keep a light touch, just to the point that when I rolled the dough it would not stick to my hands or board but was still quite light and soft.  After the braided loaves rose for another half hour, I brushed them with an egg wash.  Baked 1/2 hour at 350 degrees as instructed and it was FANTASTIC.  I'm going to use this dough recipe for Italian  Easter Dove Breads next spring.  My husband loved it too.  I had to freeze one of the loaves before he came home so he wouldn't eat the whole thing.  Many people have said this is very sticky and I probably ended up adding an extra cup of flour, but I did it very gradually and tried to keep a light touch.  The bread came out wonderfully soft and light, which surprised me for a semi whole wheat loaf.  I may try it with all whole wheat next time, as the recipe states.

The first time I made this it came out unbelievable. Best Challah ever, amazing texture. While I was kneading it I could tell it would be great.BUT every time since I've had the same problem as others: very wet dough, very hard to knead so it comes out nice but not amazing. I follow to the T (except for vital gluten). Same as the first time. Anybody out there have an explanation for me? I want to find the way to go back to the first time. All suggestions appreciated.

The dough was so wet that I could not braid it. I couldn't shape it into a loaf. It was like batter. Extra kneading time did not help. I ended up pouring the "dough" into a bread pan and baking it. After 30 minutes, my thermometer read 90F in the center of the dough. Baking it for an extra 20 minutes finally brought the temp up to 190F. Now it's very rich sandwich bread, not challah. Don't trust the recipe as it's written. Don't trust my adjustments either, because I was in "rescue the ingredients" brain, not recipe writer brain.

This is by far my favorite whole wheat bread recipe.  It always comes out very light and not like any other 100% whole wheat bread I have made.  I do add the gluten, and I've gotten good results with both commercial whole wheat flour and home milled einkorn flour.  I often cut the recipe in half and use my 1 lb whole wheat cycle on my bread machine.

As others have said, I followed the directions exactly and the dough did not rise. I suspect the problem is that the recipe does not call for an initial step of "activating" the yeast by letting it sit in warm water (ideally with some honey mixed in) until it starts to bubble, before combining it with the other ingredients. I will not be making this recipe again, but I suspect that if you added that initial step, and followed the other directions, it would probably work.

This is the best 100% whole wheat bread recipe I've ever made, period.  & I don't just mean challah, I mean any all-ww bread.  The  texture is so smooth silky, light & stretchy in the good way.I first used this recipe a few years back, and have been making it ever since.  I share with friends, and no one believes that it is all ww.  Other bakers will insist that It has to be at least half white flour.   I don't know what makes it work - I really don't.  I've deviated from recipe from time to time - never made it better.  Made it worse a time or two.  The gluten helps, but it's too not much less without it.Seriously, if anyone shies away from 100%ww because of texture, lightness, etc..  You jhave to try this.

This is an awesome bread, love it!

Very badly written recipe. You need at least two more cups flour to get a dough of correct consistency.

