This is my recipe.  I just wanted to let people know that the dough in this recipe is not of the flaky pastry variety. This is more of a very thin strudel-like casing.  If you are looking for the flaky pastry type dough, you could roll out a thawed puff pastry sheet and use that.  :)  Oh, and you really don't need 1/4 cup of vegetable oil for the onions...I think that's a typo.  Just use enough oil to saute them.

The flavor was excellent, however it did not look like yours.  Yours looks like you wraped the dough around the potato mixture individualy, and pinched together on top.  Where did I go wrong?  Your instructions were a bit ambiguious

The part about wrapping the mashed potato with the skin is kind of confusing. I did what I usually saw my Mom doing: a square dough, joining the corners on the top of the potato, sealing with egg+milk or egg+water.

I made this recipe last night and it came out wonderfully for a first try.  I do prefer the pastry shell that the author mentioned in their notes so I used that instead.  This changed the cooking times but I used the ones on the pastry sheets packaging and it worked perfectly.The flavors were excellent.  I added cheese on top a minute before pulling them out of the oven. Based on my personal preferences I may try throwing the onions in a food processor once they are cooked, I want a more smooth mashed potatoes texture.  I am thinking about adding some sour cream too. With all that being said, this recipe was excellent as it was written and these changes are just about chasing down my specific childhood memories of this food.

They came out perfect but the directions for rolling the dough made no sense. I had to go to a different recipe and cobble something together that I hoped would work. Luckily it worked.

Hello Sarah, 
I haven't tried this obviously deelish recipe yet....but I will ASAP! My family will go wild! I just had a question so I don't mess up your beautiful dish. The last prep part of the knish says to slice the rolls and place "cut side down" on the baking pan. Then the instructions say to "fold the edges" of each knish to form a  pocket" (I may not have the exact wording correctly quoted, sry) 
I wasn't sure if I have my knish right side up and would so appreciate your reply. 
Thank you,  A Canadian Fan

I made these knishes today and thought they came out really good. Like some other users said, I used butter and added the sugar to the onions to caramelize them before adding them to the potatoes, rather than putting sugar into the mashed potatoes. I didn't have any milk on hand, so I just beat an egg and used it for the wash instead of just yolk + milk.  

I did encounter a few problems, however. I halved the recipe and used exactly half the ingredients for the dough and the filling.  But the dough came out way too wet and sticky so I kept adding flour until it was a reasonable texture to roll out. Then I realized I only had enough filling for half of it. In the end, I only made about 1 dozen knishes and froze the other half of the dough. I'm not sure exactly where I went wrong. But the knishes were yummy so I'm giving the recipe 5 stars.

I just made this recipe but cut the amount in half as there are only 3 in my family. The dough came out really nice and just assembled the potato mixture and filled the little dough pockets and brushed with the egg wash. I just tasted them and they are great!

This was really good. My only complaint is that it's a whole lot of onions. It's really overpowering, and I love onions. Next time I think I'll do 1/4 of the onions and add cheese. I didn't have the counter space to roll it out so I just ripped pieces off and treated it like pizza dough. It worked fine.

I made these tonight and brought some in at work for friends to try and they loved them.  Is there a gadget to make them round?  Thank you!!!

The recipe for the dough was solid. However last night when I made these I found them to be a bit bland. I salted every step of the way and even added a hint of grainy mustard to my potato mix, but still after all that they still needed salt after. 

But again, the dough was easy to make and tastety (DO NOT FORGET THE EGG WASH, IT MAKES A WORK OF DIFFERENCE) I plan on using the same dough to make a variation of pizza pops soon.

