absolutely delicious...at this point and time ...I am into eating healthy...Drs. orders...

Good recipe but I believe there was a typo. 2 cups of grape juice is way too much. Charoset is not supposed to be swimming in liquid. It should be half a cup max, of grape juice.

I think the portions of grape juice and Cinnamon are totally off.  There's no way it needs THAT much grape juice or cinnamon. And that little honey for that much apple. But once I poured off most of the grape juice and added much more honey, it's not bad.

It is so good.  I love that it doesn't use wine, I don't like my sister in laws (she uses the wine and I find it too sweet and syrupy)  this has a light crisp flavor, I will be making it again...thinking nice sode dish on a hot summer day.

The grape juice is far too much.

I had to make substitutions and estimate quantity for one person, but it came out so well that I ate the whole bit even though I had enough for 2.   I used a Granny Smith apple, slivered almonds, a shot of Martinelli's apple juice, and a dash of Grade B Maple Syrup all mixed up together. Didn't take but about 10 minutes and most of that was hunting ingredients and cutting up the apple..DELICIOUS!!!!! I thought I'd use pistachios or pecans but couldn't find either successfully at the time and I had no walnuts, so I went with the almonds I had in the fridge.  I will definitely make this again and hopefully by the given recipe just to do it.

Simple, easy Charoset.  Kosher wine can be exchanged for grape juice, and pecans can be substituted for walnuts (either way, this recipe is easy and delicious).  My apples and nuts were chunkier, rather than finely chopped.

I made a 2-apple recipe, with 2 teaspoons cinnamon, and crushed walnuts/brazil nuts combo. Next time I will try pecans or macadamias! Too much juice, poured out a lot before serving.

Good recipe but I believe there was a typo. 2 cups of grape juice is way too much. Charoset is not supposed to be swimming in liquid. It should be half a cup max, of grape juice.

i love it and will eat it every day

This was great except  I used the 1/4 cup of cinnamon which was to much . It did say to tast. I added  a 6 once container of peach yogurt to cover up the tast  of too much cinnamon as that was all I had. this was great!

