Fantastic summer brunch. I made the blintzes the night before (put them in a greased baking dish, covered with plastic wrap, in the fridge overnight) then finished them the next morning. I also had to modify the filling to use what I had on hand: I used 2 cups cottage cheese instead of ricotta and cottage cheese. I mixed the filling in the food processor. I served them topped with raspberry sauce and fresh blackberries. Next time, I’m doubling the crepe recipe—I had extra filling, and you can always find ways to eat extra crepes! Oh: I got 12 crepes from the single batch of batter, but tore the first one until I got my pan temp right. I ate that one plain. Delicious!

To be fair, the people I made it for liked it better than I did. For the amount of filling I had, I would've  liked more crepe batter. And I feel the filling could've been a little sweeter. Perhaps it would've been better if I had made a sauce like the photo shows. I'll definitely try it again with some enhancements. It's definitely worth a 2nd try.

If you're not dumb and follow the recipe, it will come out amazing. Thanks, Chef, for this easy amazing recipe.

I'm usually a huge chef john fan but these didn't work at all

In my neck of the woods, cream cheese and ricotta are sold by weight, not volume. I appreciate recipes more when they include both measurements or as sold. This recipe was good but I have found farmer's cheese makes a better filling and is more traditional.

We omitted the salt in the blintz batter due to low salt diet.  I also drained the ricotta cheese in a fine mesh strainer overnight in the fridge. We served with fresh fruit and sour cream.  My sister is visiting and we did it as a team, both with the swirling, flipping and stacking of the blintz batter and then one of us scooping the filling while the other wrapped the blintzes up.  A fun time together!   They tasted outstanding!!  The lemon zest was perfection.  Will definately be making again.

At first I was questioning whether or not I would be able to make these, I’m new to cooking meals like this(I usually just make some eggs and bacon) but this was super easy and it tasted amazing I only made 2 changes, 1: I used lime instead of lemon in the filling (I prefer the taste) and 2: instead of strawberry or raspberry sauce, I used a syrup that a friend of mine made called caramel crabapple syrup. Overall amazing taste 10/10 would recommend to anyone and everyone

Another 5 stars for Chef John

A little extra work, but each step is worth it. Next time, will try to make them slightly thinner (ended up with fewer than promised, and the extra thickness made them tougher to fold for pan frying).

Easy recipe and very delicious!

Easy and very tasty recipe!   The only problem is that there is waayyyy to much filling left!  Next time, and there WILL be a next time, I will make a half recipe of the filling.

