My husband’s favorite soup is cabbage.  I have searched for just the right recipe for years.  My search is over!!  He LOVED it!  This recipe is sweet & sour cabbage soup sensational!!  It makes approximately 10 quarts, so you will have enough for a crowd or enjoy the leftovers! Thank you for sharing, JOHNTHEBEAR, fantastic!!!

This was a decent recipe, but it lacked the richness of flavor that I am used to from other russian cabbage soup recipes I've tasted.  It was also extremely heavy on the dill, even after halfing the requested amount.  I think next time I might try sweetening it with wine instead, to add a more authentic feel and a bit more flavor.

This soup was so good! Everyone in the family loved it!  I added some vegetable stock and a little water. My tomatoes happed yo be fire roasted and I added a little bit more sugar.The only thing I omitted was dill because no one likes it. The next time I make it, I’m going to add more meat.

Followed the recipe to the letter. A bit of extra working reparing the bef brth frm scratch but so wrth it!

Very good hearty soup. I added double the garlic and 1/4 jar of sauerkraut.  Will definitely make it again ??

I have been looking for my Grandmothers cabbage soup. As a child it was my favorite thing she made. There are 2 problems: I am allergic to tomatoes and I am a vegetarian.  So how could I make the soup? This recipe sounded very close, so I tried it - I made a vegetarian broth, then I went on-line for tomato substitutes. Wait for it... I used pureed pumpkin mixed with rice and white vinegar (I think cider vinegar by itself would have worked, but I was out). Unbelievable! It tastes and smells like grammy's!!! I am feeling VERY COMFORTED! Will definitely make this again - it is the real Ashkenazai version!

This is the only recipe on this site that I would be afraid to lose. This soup is one of my favourite things in the world. Don't used premade broth. Make your own. A

I used a bison knuckle I had in the freezer to make bone broth. I made the broth exactly as directed, but I went a little rogue with the soup. I had hamburger I needed to use up so I made little meatballs using the same spices as are in the soup. I also used honey instead of white sugar as we don't ever use white sugar in our home. Absolutely delicious! Reminded me of the sweet and sour soup my  Jewish mother and grandmother made. Comfort food!

Love this soup. The lemon juice provides just the right counterpoint to the sugar without the harshness of vinegar. This is comfort food at its healthful best.

Lovely soup, though we didn't take the time to produce the wonders of home made broth.  My suggestions/changes?  a)  With store bought broth, don't add salt until the end, then add only a touch at a time.  once the salt limit is reached, it can be over reached quickly.  b)  if you want a more savory version, add plenty of pepper at the beginning (to taste), and then add salt to taste at the end.  c)  if you want a sweeter version, use red cabbage, then at the end, correct seasonings using balsamic vinegar, lemon juice, sugar, and then add salt only if needed - leaving out pepper entirely...., an utterly different soup, but a great change of pace.

Awesome!  I used leftover regular cabbage and simmered most of the day.  Will freeze and take for lunch throughout the winter.  Mmmm...thanks!

