I'm working on my second batch of this bagel formula.  I use malt syrup as I think it improves the crust a bit.  So far, I've stayed with the Very Hot (475-F) oven and bake to color, a bit less time than called for.  I'm tickeled with the interior textrure and flavor.  If there is one BIG variation, I mix the dough in the evening, oil it very lightly and let it ferment in the fridge for 12-18 hours, allowing about two hours at room temperature to warm before dividing and forming the bagels.  If there is a better formula for bagels at home, I've yet to find it.

I found the dough tremendously dry. It taxed the motor on my KitchenAid. In the end, I added at least another 1/4C water and kneaded by hand.  To make only 6 bagels would have resulted in rings the size of bread loaves.  I made 18.  12 would have been on par with the generously over-sized bagels in grocery stores.  

The flavour is bland.  One reviewer said he leaves the dough to ferment overnight with a long, slow rise.  I think that would be wise. Otherwise the taste is flat.  These need some sort of topping or schmear, rather than eating them on their own.

This is a good recipe but I found that the bagels were huge and when i checked them after the time allotted for cooking they were still gummy in the center. Far larger than what my husband or I could eat at a single sitting. Next time I will make twice as many bagels with the same recipe. I think with the smaller bagel the cook time shoul be perfect! I'm making more as I write this review, they were very tasty!

I tried this recipe and it really didn't come together... We added 1/4 cup more water it didn't work, we also tried adding some oil it didn't work. we decided to scrap it, color it and give it to my kids to use as play doh. But good news! This recipe is great as play doh or to use as clay for pottery! It doesn't contain any harmful materials and is safe if your kids accidentally eat it! Great for pretend food 🥯

I made 12 bagels and I thought they were still a little big. The whole family loved them.I made everything bagel, onion, sesame and just salted

We made these last night, we made 12 bagels.  They came out perfect, takes exactly like a NY bagel.  I used agave instead of honey.  I will not be buying bagels anymore!!

Love it! I am an experienced bread and bagel maker and was intrigued with this recipe because of the way you put the bagels together, in a log. I have made this recipe twice already this week and they are the best I have made, professional and taste amazing. I used half whole wheat in one batch. Thank you!

dough was dry hard ti handle

I used my bread machine’s dough setting. Cutting the dough into sixths made the bagels huge, so after the first three, I cut thinner strips which still made them good size. Tasted like store bought.

Separating the dough to 6  is a bit silly.   This makes  for HUGE bagels.   On a do over, I would separate the dough to 10 or 12.    And leave out the parchment paper.     The honey makes these VERY SWEET.    Next time we will leave that out.

Awesome to be able to make them at home

