i visited Israel in June and nearly every meal came with this type of salad, even breakfast!  even so, i have made this many times and usually emulsify the olive oil, lemon juice, garlic, salt & pepper and then drizzle that over the mixed veggies.  blending it helps intensify the flavor IMHO.  a tip i learned in Israel is to grate the lemon peel of the lemon used.  again, the flavor is just kicked up a notch.  nice if you like lemon as I do. (7/11)
--so i made this and immediately ate a big bowl with a panzella cracker.  just super fresh, clean flavors, delicious. i used persian cukes & followed recipe exactly.  while licking the bowl it occured to me that chick peas and some feta would make it spectacular. and that second bowl was indeed. (oh yeah, fresh tomato was the only item i didn't have. i did have a can of muir glen diced toms but decided to wait until i put everything else together.  honestly, i thot it was perfect w/o them. i only drizzled olive oil as well.)

I always add back olives, leave out the mint and put a bit of red wine vinegar rather than lemon juice.

Delicious! Using all fresh ingredients makes the difference.

Since it was my first time I made it per the recipe. At first I thought there might have been a little too much olive oil in it, but my Israeli mother-in-law (and all of the other Israelis at the party) was very happy with how it came out, can't ask for a better review.

We loved it. I would use fewer cucumbers next time. It tasted very good the next day too but starts to really break down after 24 hours.

I added red onions  in addition to the green one and loved it.

This salad was fresh, crunchy and satisfying! There are so many levels of flavor and it’s such a fantastic change from a run-of-the-mill salad! Thanks for an awesome recipe!!!

I make this salad weekly. Especially in summer with fresh tomatoes & cucumbers. Refreshing, cooling & delicious

I made this quiche with sweet potatoes, not yams as shown in the thumbnail. I discovered while making it that I didn't have Dijon mustard. I mixed yellow mustard with red wine vinegar (no white wine vinegar available) and a pinch of sugar. Otherwise I followed the recipe and my guests and I were delighted! 
I made the quiche ahead, chilled it, and reheated it covered in foil at 350° for 16 minutes. It was only lukewarm throughout. The Surimi, Spinach, & Red Pepper quiche that I reheated along with this Rosemary Sweet Potato quiche was piping hot. I served the two quiches with Israeli Salad.
All recipes are here on All Recipes.

Delicious!! Didn’t derive from the recipe at all. Perfect as it is.

Added zucchini and chick peas. Loved it!

