Absolutely delicious!  I was looking for a sweet potato latkes recipe because I can't have white potatoes due to allergy.  I am so glad I found this and tried this recipe!  I was eating them as I was cooking them and couldn't stop!  Fortunately for others, I did not eat all of them up!  Thank you for sharing the recipe!

Simple and tasty.  I used green onions because of preference and I think they added more taste than regular onions would have.  Served with a dollop of sour cream along side of  red snapper and asparagus.  Great meal!

The subtle sweetness of the sweet potato was a nice change from traditional Latkes. 
 I did use more oil than prescribed to keep them from sticking to the pan, maybe 1-2 tablespoons. The key to any good Latke is to squeeze out as much liquid as possible (oil and water do not mix). I don't think paper towels are enough.  You really need to use a dish cloth and twist with all your might until no further liquid is expelled.  This will give you a very crispy Latke.  Interestingly, traditional Latkes usually include flour, but I did not miss it in this recipe. Super easy to make, I will be making these again.  It maybe fun to add cayenne to spice it up next time.

We really enjoyed these sweet potato pancakes! I must’ve had a really big sweet potato as I needed 3 eggs. Out of regular onions but had a red onion.  I made 6 nice sized pancakes. Used Trader Joe’s wine Infused Sea Salt Grinder (with rose, pink peppercorns and rosemary). Love that product! I topped mine with sour cream, Greek yogurt would be good, too. Served with locally made (just north of Seattle) pork and apple sausages/bratwurst and fried eggs. Wonderful breakfast!!

Teenage kids loved it! But I did substitute cheddar cheese for the feta. Center was a bit gooey so next time I’ll make the patties thinner.

I have been making my own version of these for breakfast for ages, but came across this recipe. Mine didn't have grated onion and yum, that really makes them good. Also they are good with ras el hanout to spice them, and cooked in coconut oil.

This recipe was delicious! I wanted something sweet and savory for brunch so I went ahead and did it. I added some fresh oregano to the pancakes and mixed the yougurt with maple syrup and some cinnamon and they came out delicious!!! Thank you for this easy recipe!

I did tweak this recipe a little, but it was very tasty! I'm not a huge fan of onions, so I used chopped scallions instead, and I also added some red pepper flakes and parmesan cheese. Overall though, these latkes were delicious!

Very good!  Because the onion is grated, it kind of caramelizes as it cooks. I did not serve them with sour cream or applesauce - I topped them with poached eggs and let the runny yolks serve as a sauce. So good! This is a simple recipe with basic ingredients....it tastes exactly like what it is and isn't masked by a bunch of unnecessary extras.

First attempt at homemade Latkes. I used a full onion and it still seemed undersized compare to the amount of grated sweet potatoes, so I added a 1/4 tsp of onion powder to the mix. It came out yummy. My wife made the standard box mix and the sweet potato version was the favorite by far.

