I found by placing the eggs, sugar, cream cheese, sour cream and cottage cheese in the blender and blending it all together, then pouring it on the cooked noodles and adding pineapple chunks, and topping with the buttter and crumbs, it came out very creamy and easier to make.

made this, and i can say i am not a fan. im sure its good, but its not ma cup O tea. turned out good..just not ma thing lol.

This is the best Kugel recipe I've made or tasted!  I only changed a few things.   I used the whole 8 oz package of cream cheese (I didn't want that extra 1/4 sitting around for me to eat.) I added 1 cup of raisins to the noodle mixture after I soaked them in VERY HOT apple juice for about 15 minutes. I changed the topping to:  2 cups rice crispies mixed with 1 stick (1/2 cup) of melted butter and 1/2 cup packed brown sugar. I sprinkled that on top and then I mixed 1.5 teaspoons of cinnamon with 1/8 cup of white sugar and sprinkled that on last before baking.It was great the next day too!!! Eat cold or warm, but best warmed.

The BEST Kugel recipe by far.  Airy, delicious and decadent. The entire house smells divine once its baking. The graham cracker crust takes if over the edge.  I also add 1 cup of golden raisins to the recipe.  I have been recommending this recipe since 2004.

This was the first time making this or having it his dish. It was truly different, nothing I ever had. It was like taking a soufflé out of the oven. I was not expecting it to rise so much but it was light and fluffy. With my oven I had to leave it in longer. Great taste.

I made it, it’s delicious but I found it to be too

It made the perfect dessert.  My husband, who had no idea what it was, fell in love with it.  Very easy to make

This was delicious.  Though my mother and sister were skeptical to try it at first, after they did, and I did, we were all raving about it after trying it.  The taste is great and it has a nice, creamy consistency.  Even though it is traditionally a Jewish side dish, it tastes like dessert and is very filling.

Delicious! I made it for my family and co-workers and all loved it!

Fantastic! I’ve never made a kugel that turned out well before this. Thanks for sharing a wonderful recipe!

Best Kugel ever!  I double the toppings to make it even sweeter and caramelized.

