Great recipe, although in our family we never add garlic. Dill weed and parsnip go into the soup in Eastern Europe, it's the version I grew up with. To make the process a little easier, simply tie up a bunch of dill (I also add parsley) and drop into the pot. Same for onion -- no need to chop. Peel it, pierce with a knife in a couple of spots, and drop it in. Discard boiled dill and onion when done. Garnish the soup with fresh chopped dill.

I don't know what region the author is from, but in the south, we Jews use the following ingredients for REAL Jewish chicken soup: cut-up chicken, carrots, celery, and onions. parsnips and dill weed? No way! Of course, the matzoh balls are great. I like your recipe for them. Thanks.

Recipe ingredients are standard. however, I bring the chicken with water to a boil BEFORE I add the vegetables so I can skim the foam and fat from the water more easily. Then I add the rest of the ingredients.

I've always simmered the chicken and removed the scum before adding the vegetables. The time I did it your way the soup wasn't as clear. Hmmm.

Really the recipe deserves five stars but I don't understand why they tell you to strain out all those yummy vegetables (Even though all the pictures of this recipe show it with the vegetables in the bowl). We just leave everything in. And it is amazing.The matzo balls came out two dense for us, so I just use the recipe on the matzo container (the third time I made this) and they came out better.

came out fantastic. used 2 cups of matzoh instead of 2.5. liked them heavy like that.

I prepared this recipe tonight. I was confused on when to add the salt and pepper and I thought I should of added it in the beginning or when adding the garlic. I added extra garlic (5 cloves) instead. It tasted wonderful but I think would of had a more flavorful had I seasoned it earlier. The flavor was good (next time I will season in the beginning), the Matzo balls were very pleasantly easy to make and had wonderful flavor. This was my first time making or eating the soup. Than you for sharing this wonderful recipe. I did forget to garnish the soup with more fresh dill. Very healthy soup. Husband loved it and that’s what counts too.

Great soup recipe! Easy to make. Leftovers are great too!

Great Chicken Souprecipe. 
I did not have parsnip, so I used a smally celery root, instead. 
It may have tasted a little salty, to some, even though I added less than a teasponn of pink Himalaya salt.
But great.
And the kneidlach were very good, too. Instead of "vegetable oil," as called for, I used organic, extra virgin olive oil, from this season's batch. Calling them "sinkers," is an understatement. But they were very good and very filling.
Thanks!

I love this soup and make it once a month since I found it here.  I’m not Jewish and wish I could make it as good as my childhood best friends g-ma use to make it.  My kids love it w a little bit of dill pickle on top.  Thanks for sharing

I’ve made two slow cooker batches this week — one for my house and one for my daughter’s because her family is fighting a bad flu and maybe pneumonia. Never leave out the garlic & parsnips. I add sliced shiitake mushrooms — not traditional but definitely healthful. I like to add fresh lemon juice to individual servings. I don’t make the matzohs but do add rice, wild rice or interesting gluten free noodles.

