Wow - this is one awesome Jewish Apple Cake! And it's definitely a crowd pleaser as the submitter states.  It sweet, moist, rises beautifully and is absolutely delicious.  I didn't have Rome Beauty apples, so I used a combination of apples that I had on hand.  Other than that, I would change a thing with this recipe. Apparently since this recipe has been handed down and made for over 37 years - if it ain't broke, don't fix it! All I had to do with this after it cooled, was to dust it with a little confectioners' sugar as if this beautiful cake needed anything else.  Thanks Janyce for a wonderful recipe that I hope many more people try, they'll be glad they did!

I did not care for this recipe. I thought it was heavy and too sweet.

This was so easy, but so delicious! The only thing I changed was to layer the apples 3 times. It’s kind of like a pound cake with apples and cinnamon and if you like nuts, that would be a good addition.

This is my Aunt Rosie’s Apple Jew cake! She was from Syria. This brings back great memories. She would always make it in a Bundt pan and was loaded with apples. Always a crowd favorite!

It is the only one recipe I’ll ever make …it’s the best !

I love this recipe…. Born and bred in Philadelphia this was a staple at every gathering. If you’re looking for something light and healthy this is not for you! This cake is dense, moist, and the perfect comfort food!

The recipe was simple and easy to follow, and the cake was a big hit with everyone here at the shelter where I made it. I have always loved Jewish Apple Cake, and this one was one of my favorites!

I made it for my family last week. They all agreed, this recipe needs to be prepared again very soon.

This is a keeper! Had an extra apple and added it just fine.  Hubby had seconds which never happens!

This was a huge hit for me. We all loved it. I have been looking for a great Jewish apple cake, I found it. Very moist and flavorful. I am making a second one only 2 weeks after I made the first one.

A good core recipe very similar to one I grew up with, but I think it needed more spice and a bit less sugar. I add more cinnamon and some cloves to the apple mixture and add nutmeg to the batter. I also up the apples to 4-5 depending on size and try to do more layering.

