This Kugel is almost like my mother used to make. The only difference was she added raisins. I am diabetic so I used splenda instead of sugar and the splenda 1/2 & 1/2 brown sugar. I also used 1% milk instead of whole milk. It was a big winner. Thanks.

Way too sweet for my taste. I made this just as it is written. What I would change next time is the amount of sugar. It calls for a cup, but if you are also topping it with sugar, it’s overkill. I will use half the sugar, so 1/2 cup, and for the top, just 1/4 cup total of brown and white and generous cinnamon. It was also too wet. I might try 1 cup of milk instead of two. I do like a moist noodle pudding, but this was too wet imo.

The recipe does have too much milk. Turned out perfect with 1 cup. Made it as written with the only exception of the milk

Amazing recipe - SOOO deelicious!!  I always DOUBLE the cinnamon, so I did one tsp for the topping per the recipe plus one tsp for the filling, plus 1.5 times the vanilla.  Extra sour cream and a little less milk - about 1.75 cups rather than 2.

Loved it.  Used 16 ozs of noodles.  Thought it was a bit loose, and will use less milk next time. Also used 2 tsp of cinnamon rather than 1, which added a little zing.

Absolutely yummy! Can't wait to make it again.

This is the best kugel recipe I have found. I wouldn't change a thing. Easy and so tasty!!!! I'm making it with our Thanksgiving meal...just because!

This is a good basic kugel for unadventurous people - such as the ones I had for dinner the night I made it.  I followed the recipe exactly except for adding some heavy cream into the mix.  I personally prefer a kugel with more stuff - apples, raisins, etc., but for those who have a more finicky palate will most likely enjoy this as-is.  The taste and texture were quite nice, and the ones that were willing to try it definitely liked it.

Everyone loved it. I made it exactly as the recipe says, except I made a mistake and added 1/4 cup of brown sugar to the noodles mixture. I will make that mistake again :-). Still did the brown sugar, cinnamon and sugar on top.

It was good but not a favorite.  I would not make this particular recipe again.

My husband loves molasses cookies and wants these as his regular recipe from now on.

