This was a very good Passover lasagna with some minor modifications:)  I browned and seasoned a 1 lb. of turkey meat and added that to two jars of sauce.  I also seasoned the cheese mixture with basil, oregano, salt, and pepper.  It came out more beautiful than a traditional lasagna.  I will definitely be making this for future.  Thank you for providing a base recipe!

your directions are not very specific????

I made this by making two square pans worth and adding spinach and mushrooms.  It was better than great.  My hubby hates pasta but loves this.  (Who knew????)  I skipped softening the matzo in water.  It wasn't necessary.  YUM

I made my own marinara sauce, so I felt like there was a lot of flavor. Also, I used the salty gluten free matzah, so there was some good flavor. I made it for my family and they loved it. It was devoured in less than 15 minutes.

Loved it! Thank you! Delicious and easy

Great, simple recipe. I halved the recipe since I only had 9 inch round pans. I cut off the corners of the Matzah to make it fit and used slices from a block of white cheddar cheese since that's what I had on hand. I also just added an egg to a half-used cottage cheese container so I didn't make any dishes!

I am gluten free and used oat matzo and instead of actual marinara, I used tomato sauce that was just tomatoes, sea salt, onion and garlic. I also used more mozzarella and an additional egg. So, too much cheese, it would have been better to stick to the recipe where that is concerned. And marinara would've been better to, but didn't have anything that was OK for passover in the house.  And the oat matzo definitely depends on the brand.  The open box didn't have 6 whole sheets so I opened another brand that is thicker.  It has a weird taste that didn't work with the lasagna.  It's fine if you're covering it with something strong like horseradish, but not tomato sauce. It only added to the tinny taste from the tomato sauce. Not sure, as a gluten free person, that I would try it again.

This is a really good recipe that everyone will eat during Passover

Wow! I have made this every passover for the past five years, and tastes delicious every time. In terms of the mozerella, I use 4 oz. for the cheese mixture, and then use like 7oz to top off the lasagna. I bake it for longer than 40 min, until the cheese begins to harden slightly at the top. It tastes just like lasagna!

This is how I make it every year.  The one change is, do NOT soak the matza first.  Start with a thin layer of sauce, then the one piece of dry matza, continue with the layering (using 1 matza per layer) until you reach the top of your pan.  The sauce and other ingredients will moisten the matza perfectly.

This is a very basic outline of a lasagne. You must doctor it up to get any flavor. I used half ricotta and half cottage cheese plus added pecorino romano to egg mixture.  I also added a fresh parsley and basil.  I finished the top with fresh mozzarella and basil leaves. It still didn’t have much flavor. Next time I will add more fresh herbs, crushed red pepper, and kosher salt.

