I sauteed a little onion in butter, rather than oil, and added the matzo brei mixture when the onions were translucent to make a mixture that I enjoyed even more.

A great jewish favorite.  As written this is just OK.  I would make a few suggestions...use egg & onion matzoh if you have it.  I use butter instead of oil and add some salt, pepper and cinnamon.  This is still a rather bland dish (kids like it though).  You can even add grated apples, dried fruit, etch to add some flavor.

should have cooked a little longer but great

- came across this by chance - so easy - so good - who woulda thunk -  highly recommended! -

My Dad made this for me as a kid... but he didn't SOAK the matzoh, he "baptized" (a little Jewish humour) it by sprinkling. And he used butter. This results in a slightly crunchier matzenbrei. Then he shook grated Parmesan cheese on top, and served it with a glass of milk ("no milk, no matzoh!" -- great way to get kids to drink their milk!).
A half-century later, I still make it this way.

I like more eggs so I added more but this was great, thanks!

This is a good base recipe to play with.  My husband and I prefer an eggier version, so I use three eggs for two pieces of matzo.  

I saute onions in butter, sometimes adding sauteed bell peppers and/mushrooms as well if I have them on hand.  

For a sweet option, I like to peel and cut up apples and cook them in butter with cinnamon before adding the egg and matzo mixture.

I think this is a great recipe, but instead of putting cinnamon or sugar, you should put salt.

That was the way my mother made it when I was a child. I make it for myself now by running warm water over a couple of sheets of matzoh until I feel they are well soaked. Then break the matzoh into pieces (not too Small) then soak them in 2 scrambled eggs, fry it in butter and I prefer it with maple syrup even though I was brought up having it with sugar.
It's a great breakfast.

This is very close to how my mom made it.  I like mine a little bit more "eggy" so I will do three or four eggs (beaten with a hand mixer) per recipe.  I also use butter instead of oil.  Delicious!

good starting recipe. my mother makes it with cinnamon, sugar and raisins in a whole or in patties, we make it with ketchup and yellow cheese, pizza matza brei.

