I am a full-blooded Czech and this is exactly how we always make the potato pancakes (called "bramboraky" or "cmunda").
Traditionally these are fried in lard - it adds that extra flavor but I doubt many would try that. When I make them at my home here in America, I just use regular vegetable oil.
Few pointers: Don't skip or substitute the marjoram, I actually add way more then just a pinch. Also add lots of pepper and especially salt. Potatoes tend to soak up the salt flavor quite a bit. Lets face it, this is not a healthy meal to begin with, so you might as well make it right. Like Sonya recommends, fry up and taste the first pancake, it should have a nice salty/garlicky flavor. Even tho I've made these many times, it usually takes me more then one trial pancake to get the flavor right.
When my mom made these, it was the one time we didn't actually have a sit down family dinner. We would just sneak them right when they were done and she ate as she was making them. They just taste the best when they're nice and hot right out of the frying pan!

These potato pancakes tasted good and different.  I give them three stars because they frying is not my preference and the recipe didn't act like a batter (I scooped my pancakes into the pan).  FYI-I tried frying them in nonstick spray, but they were not good that way.  Also, the portion size must be huge because I used two large potatoes and came up with about four servings.

Pretty good. I think the heat was probably too high in my oil since the cakes were quite a bit darker than on the photo. (even for the ones that I only fried for 2 minutes per side instead of 3). Will make again.

Pourable? No...but delicious! Added some thyme and diced red bell pepper. Also, keep them thin if you want them cooked in the middle and crispy!

IM EATING IT RIGHT NOW JK I MADE IT

IM EATING IT RIGHT NOW JK I MADE IT

These are delicious.

My Bohemian grandmother used to make these, and I still had her recipe.  She used lard, I use a solid shortening, and a hot cast iron fry pan is a must.  Draining as much water as you can is important, the water will come to the top of the bowl after you grate the potatoes, also don't leave a metal grater or metal spoon in the mix, it will turn the mixture green. My recipe is a little different but basically the same. These are definitely better than anything American restaurants try to pass off as potato pancakes.

This was really simple to make, and very tasty! Thanks!

Really easy to make, I also added small bits of spinach in some of them and it tasted delicious. Good way to get some greens in.

Very close to the original traditional potato pancakes ... only one comment: that marjoram is a must. Potato pancakes will never taste right without a solid portion of it.
As an option you can add e.g. sliced bacon, ham etc.
I personally like the pancakes thin and almost crepe-size (nice breakfast), some like small and thicker (good with e.g. goulash instead of dumplings).

