Amazing! ... If you like the sweeter version of classic challah. After all, who doesn't like the sound of more sugar? But if I could change one thing, don't let it rise too long otherwise the bread will lose its shape and turn into a blob of dough.

This is good one

This recipe rocks. I stayed true to the recipe. At first, I thought that is way too much flour, but realized oh, whoa, four loaves. Bet. Thank you! It's so good. I intend on passing the love out.

I only brush glaze on once. Everyone raves about this challah when I serve it. My dogs even know to come over when they hear us saying Hamotzi (the blessing on bread) on Friday nights.

We live in the Boston area and Cheryl Ann's has been our favorite bakery challah.   Every time we bake one we compare it and it's never as good as theirs.  This one, however, my family thinks is even BETTER  than Cheryl Ann's!!  Sweet, fluffy and delicious.  Need to be careful not to bake it too long. Also, my dough never rises as much as I'd like, not sure if it's me or my yeast.  I usually get 3 challahs out of this dough, not 4.   Definitely a keeper!

This is a beautiful recipe!!

This was the second recipe for Challah I've used. I am done looking. The only things I brought from first recipe was the braiding technique and adding honey to the egg wash and using it before the final rise after it's braided, and then the two more times, before it goes into oven and another brush before the last 10 minutes. The Best Challah ever, it's beyond!

I made it about half way through this recipe before giving up. There is too much flour, I ended up with a cement ball.

When covid hit last March, I jumped on the bandwagon of trying my hand at baking challah.  This has been my 'go to' recipe since then and it always comes out delicious.  I cut the sugar in half and add a 1/2 cup of honey.  That is the only change I make.  The challah is sweet and heavy.  Exactly the way our family likes it!  I make 5 challahs out of the recipe and freeze 4, using the 5th for the current shabbat.  They freeze wonderfully and that way I bake every 5 weeks instead of every week.  Thank you for the delicious recipe!

this is Such a amazing recipe! easy to understand and follow. it's very sweet good for a breakfast bread or with some coffee.

Perfection! I made 2 round Challahs & 2 braided.
3 of them I made a cinnamon/ apple filling for the braid.
    Absolutely  was a hit! THE DOUGH is so soft & aromatic. 

  Thankyou!

