So I looked at what other people were saying about this "new mom kugel".  First off, the reason this kugel does not have cheese is because often times when we have "kugel" is when we are having a meal with meat. If you are Jewish, many people choose not to mix milk with meat.   So I thought that the other adaptions and reviews were right on.  First off, add the spice. I usually do a few shakes of black pepper, salt, garlic powder, onion powder and sweet paprika. I also added a 1/2 tsp on chicken soup mix powder. I also mixed 3 cloves fresh garlic to the onion saute.  If you are making it dairy the parm cheese is a perfect addition or I would say cheddar would also work.  Thank you for a great side dish!

I did not care for it. It was bland.

i've made this a hundred times. family and guest fave. i never cook it as long as directed here. maybe an hour or so.

I have made this recipe soooo many times! We really love it and so do our guests. The only thing I do different is less mayonnaise and a bit more fried onion. I put the thawed broccoli in a salad spinner to get rid of all the water to avoid a wet kugel. Perhaps thats why I find 1 hr in the oven is enough . Thanks for sharing this great recipe!

This is a great recipe! Since we are on Keto i substituted regular flour with almond flour - ended up adding 6t tablespoons. Also added 1 teaspoon of baking soda since almond flour is heavier. Salt, pepper. My broccoli was fresh, not frozen. Very happy with the result. Great recipe all around - looks and tastes awesome.

I baked it in square tins and it made 3 kugels. Delicious!

My husband and I really liked this, especially eliminating processed ingredients and being able to control salt.  I threw in some mushrooms and garlic with the onions and some salt substitute.  A great way to serve broccoli to a crowd.  Thanks for sharing.

I added cornflake crumbs on top. It came out amazing! Will definitely make again.

it  was better when I made it with vegan cheese, but oerall it's the best recipe I've found for this dish.

I couldn't find 16 ounce bags of broc so I bought 3 10 ounce boxes. I think next time I might use a slightly less mayo but everyone loved it!  I only cooked it for 60 min - I think it would've burned if I cooked it for 90 min

very good recipe for crustless "quiche". I did add cheese and bacon. Good, easy dinner. Glad to find a recipe w/o the canned soups as ingredients. Thank you!

