AMAZING!!!! I did do some things different. I let it come to a boil then I put into a baking dish with a lid and put it into the oven at 325 degrees for 2 1/2 hours.  I also added Lipton onion soup mix on top and instead of white vinegar I used apple cider vinegar.  I also added carrots.  It came out delicious, and I will be making this again and again!  thank you :)

I enjoyed this quite a bit. I'm a tough scorer, so 3 stars for me is pretty good. I don't understand the sitting in the fridge overnight though. In theory it must be to absorb more flavor, but I found it to be opposite. It tasted better to me fresh off the stove than refrigerated till the next day.  I made a large enough brisket were it lasted 3 days for leftovers (I'm the only meat eater in the house besides my dogs LOL).

My recipe is extremely similar to this but with a few modifications. I use balsamic vinegar instead of white. I also put worcester sauce.  I use a whole head of garlic, smashed (easier than cutting). I cook for 6 hours at least (uncovered at the end to reduce it). Then I separate the meat and the pour all the sauce into a container and refrigerate both overnight. The next day I remove all the fat  from the sauce, then slice the meat and recombine, letting them marinate another day before eating. it's a smash hit every time.

Seared on my pellet grill on all sides, then added everything to a crockpot on low for 12 hours. amazing.

I have made this recipe multiple times and it's always a hit. So easy. So delish. I think stove top is better than in the oven.

I had to make it with beef chuck tender roast because there wasn't 4lbs of brisket at the store. I still sliced it all in a casserole dish when it was done, poured the juice over it to marinate, covered the casserole dish in aluminum foil and put it in the fridge overnight. I reheated it covered in the oven for 10 minutes and had it for dinner the next day. It was still a winner! Everyone loved it. Even my youngest who is a picky eater decided to have it in a sandwich and ate it all that way.

Fantastic recipe!! Comes out perfect everytime!

This is a really good recipe very flavorful and extremely tender. I have also used other cuts of meat, pork chops with and with out bone trim off all fat the first time I use the chops there was a larger amount of grease in the sauce. Also use flank steak comes out just like the brisket, going to try chicken next. I use more onions and extra sauce, there usually isnt a lot of leftovers. I’m making this for Christmas dinner I’ll upload a photo.

I make this recipe every year. I love that I get credit for making something so delicious when it’s so easy!

Love it

I've made this brisket twice now and everyone has just loved it!  The only changes I made where to increase the sauce ingredients by 50%,  which I felt was just right for a 4 lb. brisket.  This will become a traditional meal for us for Passover.  It feels like a recipe that's been handed down, so fits that special benchmark.

