We served these rolls to my 6th graders at a sedar meal we had when we were studying passover.  They loved these rolls and didn't leave any leftovers.

I thought these tasted OK out of the oven but tasted a little like soup nuts the next day.  They'd have to taste much better for me to make them again, especially due to the extra calories from the oil.

i'm not sure if i did something wrong but these are dry, flat, and bland (despite adding more seasonings to the meal). I'm really disappointed. I had high hopes.

Delicious, they taste like Matzo balls.

Great for passover.  We recommend adding ¼ cup of honey and cook for 35min.  We also added everything bagel topping on half of the rolls to experiment and really liked it- will be adding it to all the rolls next time!

TO have rolls during passover is great.  Add some everything Bagel seeds on top - use for sandwich.  I recommend.

The best

I did not add sugar but used one of the review suggestion to add honey to the oil/water mix (not as much as was suggested). It added a delicious richness and more subtle sweetness. I was worried by how thick and gummy the batter was but I sprayed my hands with olive oil cooking spray and it worked great! I did not make them huge and so cooked them closer to 40 minutes. My boys loved as did I. I did add spices - garlic, dill, Italian spices and used a little garlic salt in place of just salt (we do not prefer salty food in my family). Will definitely make again for Seder.

If you go in making these knowing most pesadich food can’t beat the original then these are quite good. I made two kinds, the first, I made the original way and the second batch I formed as bagels and added an everything bagel seasoning topping. The batch with the everything seasoning was definitely more flavorful but it truly is a personal preference. Either way, you can’t go wrong with these.

They were perfect. Easy and very tasty and they stayed nice and soft.

thanks for this great recipe, was easy to prepare

