Cholent is a staple in our homes for Saturday lunch!!! So easy and so quick. We use a crock pot and put it on low until the next morning.

This is a good BASE cholent recipe, but this is what I do for mine: Add a kielbasa, fresh garlic, Mrs. Dash, two carrots and paprika. Use a crock pot to slow cook it for 12 hours, and it will come out very tasty for your Shabbos lunch meal.

Authentic cholent !? What makes cholent cholent is the very fact that it's never authentic! In fact, in the Yiddish language cholent is used to describe any type of mashup. You might say to someone - "Quit putting pineapple on your pizza, your making a cholent out of  your pizza!".In some communities the recipe for cholent changes by season, by week, by day and even by hour.  You might have a pareve cholent for lunch and a meaty one for dinner.Good recipe though, just add a pinch of heat and Bam!

I cooked it in our slow cooker for 8 hours. I cut the recipe in half. I only cooked the onion before putting things in slow cooker.  I used 3 cups of beef broth not water.  We enjoyed it. It was perfect for a winter night. I will make it again.

Very hearty recipe. Very tasty. It wasn’t so much of a stew as I’d expected.

I made this for a family dinner and everyone loved it. I only cooked the stew for about 6 hours and everything was very tender. #allrecipesallstarscanada

Super Delicious !!!!!

Made it last night in a crock pot. Came out perfect. And just the way I like it.  At first taste of the broth last night  I thought the onion soup mix and 3 onions would make it too sweet. Everything intermingled perfectly by this afternoon, I had three bowls already & the family loved it. Next time I will make sure to have a few marrow bones which kick it up a few notches.

The cholent recipe I grew up with is almost exactly the same. I will forever adore it. There are few things as comforting as waking up on Shabbos morning to the smell of that wonderful cholent permeating the air of my entire house. Bagels and lox are always good, but the cholent is where it's at! If the front of my white dress shirt isn't blessed by cholent stains by Saturday evening, something's wrong.
In my house we prefer a 7 bean mix that has the pinto and kidney beans as well as different colored lentils. Also we add a few yams.

This was really good. I did everything as written except I added some minced garlic with the onions. I prepared everything the night before, but I do not like leaving the oven on while everyone is sleeping so I just stuck it in the fridge and woke up and started it at 7am and cooked it until 6pm. Very tasty! Thanks.

I have a real problem using soup mixes since they are all full of MSG. However I do prefer to use a capful of kitchen bouquet for smoky deep flavor. Otherwise a very good recipe!

