I used light earth's balance non hydrogenated margerine in the potato mixture, I added half the amount of salt. I made this into one very long knish instead of individual ones. I sprayed PAM in between the filo dough layers instead of using butter. I wet the outside rim all around the knish with water and then pressed the top rim into the botom rim with a wet fork - so that it will be imprinted into the dough. I sprayed the top with pam and sprinkled it with toasted sesame seeds. I served this with "Mushroom Sauce" from this site.

I knew the crust wouldn't be the same by using phyllo dough...but the inside was salty and the whle thing was way too greasy.  The other knish recipe on this site is way closer to a real NY style knish.

phyllo dough made things pretty easier, but I had a lot of blowouts.  I'll probably make my own dough next time.

I haven't had a NY knish since I left home in 1989.. The taste is there but the phyllo dough dont cut it.. It needs a better dough..

This recipe is absolutely amazing!! Super simple and we have already made 3 more times since! I just shared it in my most recent Travel From Home Video to NYC: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uo5UvzZsqx0&t Thank you!! :)

nothing like a NY knish. Phyllo  dough was absolutely not the way to go too much onion it was a waste of time and ingredients

These were great. I put cheddar cheese in half of mine, and we liked them both ways. Definitely would make again.

They were wonderful and very authentic.  The phyllo dough  was very hard to work with though so replacing it with something that dose the same thing but is easier to work with may be a good idea.  The onions made a great edition to the potato mixture.  Will defiantly be making it again!

I made lots of changes.  First I did not add salt because I knew that was too much, and I am on a low sodium diet, and I used regular salted butter.  Second, I drained the onions before adding to the potatoes.  Third, I added sour cream to the potato mixture (3 Tablespoons) and then I added a dash of Mrs. Dash to the whole thing.  then I rolled them and I did brush with melted butter, and baked until golden brown.  It was awesome!

I made these on Sunday. they were easy and pretty fast. I've never made or had knish before so I took them to my Jewish New York friend to criticize. Every one who cooks knows the look of "Dude, You nailed it". Love the recipe. Thanks and did I mention that I'm literally dreaming up other fillings.     :)

Great potato dish!

