I have made this before, but just yesterday figured out how to make it perfect. I halved the recipe and and altered it as follows: (1) I used an entire packet of rapid rise yeast instead of 1 1/2 tsp [this means you have to reduce proof time by about a half], (2) I used 1/2 cup of honey instead of 1/4 cup [Mmm!], (3) I used one whole egg plus three yokes [this gives it a much more challah-like taste], (4) I added about a tablespoon of honey to the eggwash, and (5) I reduced baking time by about 6 or 7 minutes, making sure to cover the challah with foil after about the first 20 minutes, to prevent too much browning. This came out magnificently and I suggest these alterations to anyone who likes a slightly sweeter and eggier challah!

My grandmother made Challah for Sabbath, so I was hoping to get the same type she made from this recipe.
The bread looked fantastic and was a perfect piture of Challah, but as soon as I tasted it, I knew it wasn't the same. I'm not sure how to fix it, but it sure needs more egg yolks and honey, it lacked the honey eggy flavor Bubbe's did!
Also, the dough was far too sticky with the 8 cups of flour, and found I had to add quite a bit more in order to work with it. I am thinking of using egg yolks only, more honey and cutting down on the water.
The good news is that it did make excellent french toast and croutons, so not a total loss!

WOW, this was my first time making Challah bread. It turned out beautiful.  I didn't change a thing except used sesame seeds on top instead of poppy seeds.  My husband  couldn't wait for it to cool off.

The challah came out good. But it was a bit burnt on the bottom. I suggest lowering the temp and only cooking for 30 to 35 minutes.

sooooooo good! i make this bread pretty ofen and every time i want more

I'm not Jewish, but my roommate is. I've used this recipe to make challah for Shabbat and all of our friends love it. This one is topped with sesame seeds.

This is so good and easy to make.  The only thing is I didn't have enough Honey so half of it I substituted Maple Syrup and it Still came out great.  I left it in a warm place about 1/2 hour or so longer because i went out to eat.  I almost forgot to egg wash the outside after braiding it, then forgot about the Poppy seeds and added that about 10 minutes into the baking.  It browned really fast and I thought it might burn before it was done so I took it out 10 minutes early but it is completely baked.  Imagine how good it would be when I do it RIGHT the next time - lol.

My children and family loved this recipe. My bro declared it is legit. He went to Holy Land and was able to eat Challah bread there and he said it’s the same delicious bread. It is excellent for French Toast by next day and great for Filipino Biscocho by the 3rd day. Thanks!

This recipe was concise and an easy one. I wondered about when I separated into two pieces and kneaded each one , why not just knead the whole batch and then separate. If someone knows why do it this way please let me know. By the way it's amazingly delicious 😋! Everett

I added dried cranberries ... very good!

Stumbled upon this recipe several years ago and it has become a family favorite, it is wonderful bread.

