After making this many times I've settled on the following changes, which I highly recommend: 1) Pulse half an onion and several cloves of garlic in a food processor, then sauté until the onions are tender and most of the moisture has cooked off. 2) Double the cumin and coriander, and add onion and garlic powder. 3) Add 1/4 cup breadcrumbs, preferably panko. 4) Form 8 smaller patties rather than 4 big ones. This has proven to be essential! 5) Spray Pam, also essential, on a baking sheet and bake the falafel at 400 for 20 minutes. Then spray Pam on the patties, flip them, and bake for another 10-15 minutes. This actually results in a crunchier crust than when pan frying this recipe. The first picture I uploaded of this recipe is the pan-fried version and the second is completely baked.

Perhaps I am accustommed to authentic Middle Eastern food, but these were not flavorful enough for me. I liked the idea of using fresh chickpeas, but next time I will double the onion and seasoning and fry them instead of moving them to the oven.

I love the concept of baked falafel. This came together pretty easily but it was quite blah. I will make these again but alter the spices, add some lemon juice and increase the salt.

There is NO way that falafel made with anything other than soaked dried garbanzos will be excellent. I couldn't bring myself to try (and fail) with another canned bean recipe. Sigh.

I used fresh garbanzos and followed Lauren’s tweaks.  It came out perfect, better than fried!

Fantastic Falafel Recipe 
No changes made . I prepared it as stipulated in the recipe. Every loved them. Culinary success!

So delicious and easy! I've made filafel before that fell apart when I cooked them, this made the perfect texture, and loved the technique for baking them.  I'll make these again

I made this falafel and it turned out perfect. my husband and I loved it.

Mushy balls that fry up and bake nicely, really enjoy this recipe

sorry about all the photos! came out good. I skipped the pita and had cukes, lettuce, and avocado on the side. yummy!

Overall very good. Great texture but lacking flavor a bit. Next time will increase herbs & spices, and maybe add some additional seasoning.

