This recipe was a total surprise for me.  I have made chocolate covered matzoh for years, but not with this type of recipe.  Mine was plain old matzoh, coated with chocolate.  This is more of a toffee/chocolate covered matzoh and it was well worth it to give it a try.  It is delicious and easy to make.

This recipe is amazing!  The first time I made it I halved the recipe because I wasn't sure how it would come out.  It came out great, but I ended up liking the pieces that had less of the butter and sugar mixture more than the ones that had more of the mixture.  I made it again, halving the amount of butter and sugar and spreading the mixture thinly on the matzoh, and it was perfect!  It is so addictive.  I eat one piece and have a seriously hard time not eating the rest in one  go.  I had no idea matzoh could taste so good.I didn't have cooking spray so I used plain parchment paper instead.  I didn't have any issues with the matzoh sticking, so that's a good alternative if you don't have cooking spray or aluminum foil on hand.

Very easy recipe. Delicious as written. Added pine nuts. Delicious . I experimented my 3rd time by melting butter and sugar in microwave and swirled white chocolate. Haven’t tasted yet.

Haven’t tasted it yet. Very easy recipe to follow.

This is a variation of a recipe that has been floating around for years.  It is a way of converting Matzoh, which tastes like cardboard, into a delicious treat. I would recommend adding a teaspoon of vanilla to the sugar mixture, otherwise the recipe is great as is.

Very easy and delicious. I used a whole bag of dark chocolate chips. Recipe amount just isn't enough. Not sure if I like the gooey cinnamon mixture leaking to the back. Makes it messy to eat. Trying to figure out the best way to break the big sheet apart. Hands work but very messy.

So easy and quick.... reliable.... I added sea salt

This recipe is great and everyone LOVES it when I make it!!! I must not spread the butter and sugar as thick as other people do because I can spread it on 8 sheets of matzo rather than just 4.  Just after spreading the melted chocolate chips, we add toppings like crushed peanuts, sprinkles, and other nuts.

So easy! Took less than 20 minutes.  Love this recipe! Had tons of matzoh I got free from market - what do you do with Matzoh (not being Jewish?).  Popped back in oven to melt chocolate quicker. 1 stick of butter and 1/2 cup brown sugar covers 5 sheets matzoh.

Identical to the recipe I made years ago but this is enough for an entire box of matzoh, not just 4 boards. 
Also, try sprinkling vietnamese cinnamon on the buttered boards before adding the chocolate chips. I also recommend checking the matzoh at 7 - 10 minutes, don't wait for 15.

**** Do NOT use egg matzoh! I just tried it and very disappointed. Stick to plain, white flour matzoh for best results.

