What an awesome dessert!  I made it in an 11" torte pan and glazed it with a chocolate glaze that I found on this site ("Satiny Chocolate Glaze").  After glazing, I cut the torte into 12 slices (next time I will make 16 slices) and put half a large strawberry, cut side down, on each slice by the outer edge.  My book club gals loved it and everyone wanted the recipe!!!  This is an easy winner!

I'm not sure what happened...i followed the directions exactly but when the torte was done, it was flat like a pancake and fell apart...I baked it in an 8" springform pan...any ideas? it tasted okay, but it wasnt in any shape to be served

Fabulous recipe! I used ground almond meal as other reviewers suggested, and the texture was perfect. I also used butter instead of margarine, and tried flipping it after it baked but actually preferred how it looked the other way. Definitely bake for the whole time, don't take it out sooner. It firms up in the fridge. The whole family loved it and requested I make it again.

Followed the directions, exactly. It turned out beautifully--great texture and taste. I may not make it again  soon because the water bath is a bit of a pain, but it's definitely worth it. I used 60% chocolate  chips, and it was perfect. I served it with fresh whipped cream, made with a bit of vanilla and honey.

Everybody loved it!  Will definitely make it again!

Delicious. It met some strict dietary requirements for one guest, but EVERYONE loved it. Served with raspberries and whipped cream. Not a crumb left.

I had to make this totally diary free for a family member and semisweet chocolate has dairy fat in it. So I used 5 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon cocoa powder and 8 tablespoons coconut oil and 9 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon sugar, mixed that with the dairy free margarine and put them in the micro for 10 seconds, instead of step 2.  It turned out perfectly. To make a pretty presentation I made a coulis of 1 cup frozen pineapple, 2 big slices mango, 1 banana and 1 cup almond milk (buzzed in the blender)and poured some on each plate before placing a piece of cake on it. Then I sprinkled toasted sliced almonds and coconut on top. For those who could eat dairy I added a squirt of ready whip on top. It was a huge hit.

Amazing any time

it was ok it was a tad crumbly added raspberries

This is a great Passover cake.  Moist and the taste reminds me of Brownies.  At the suggestion of other reviewers I topped it off with confectioners sugar and raspberries.  It received high praise from my brother-in-law which is rare.  Will definitely be making again!

Best passover dessert ever!  Tasted like the "flour less chocolate tortes" you would have in a nice restaurant.  I used Bob's red Mill almond flour.  I beat the egg whites by hand which was a huge holiday stress reliever!

