I am always looking for great crockpot recipes, and this tops the charts! Made this dip last night for Monday Night Football and while we did not enjoy the game (we are Eagles Fans) we absolutely LOVED this dip!  I halved the recipe since it was just me and my husband, and it is the perfect size for a little dipper crock pot.  this was SOOOOOO easy!!  I just got some corned beef from the store deli and tore it in strips.  Also brought the cream cheese to room temp. before putting it in.  Put the crockpot on low for about 1 and 1/2 hours and that was perfect, everything had melted and was creamy.  I served this with cocktail rye as suggested, but we actually enjoyed it more on tortilla chips!  This is going to be my staple appetizer to bring to parties b/c it is extremely easy and delicious!  Thanks for the recipe Ella!

I did not like it at all.  I used canned corned beef and maybe that was the problem.  It tasted bad and I know it was full of fat calories.

This was a hit at the work potluck. I did add 1/2 Tbsp Cholula hot sauce, 1/2 tsp caraway seeds and used 4 packages of Buddig sliced corned beef (I just diced it up) for the recipe. It turned out perfect!

My coworkers loved this dip!! They ate it all!! I tried it, I am new to accepting sauerkraut so not my cup of tea. I make things that others enjoy just not myself!! Thank you for an amazing recipe!!

I made this dip for a holiday get together and it was a hit! I found pumpernickel pretzels at a local grocery which were a perfect compliment to the dip. I will absolutely make this again.

awesome hit for parties and snacking alike. never fails someone always asks for the great recipe.

Excellent recipe! Prepared this on the stovetop (minus the cream cheese).

Amazing appetizer. I followed the directions exactly and it turned out fantastic!

Read thru a lot of reviews, added horseradish sauce and the juice from the sauerkraut as some suggested and this was still just bland. I doubled the recipe because I was taking it to an office pot luck, but ended up dumping more than half, because nobody really liked it. This was a rare, AllRecipes fail.

This was bland and tasteless.  We love Reuben sandwiches and were very disappointed.  I doubled the thousand island dressing as others suggested but it didn't help.  It just lacks some kind of zing or spice of some kind.  We tried it with various kinds of crackers, tortilla chips, and rye bread and it was still not good.  We ended up using it as a topping for hot dogs and sprinkling it with Chicago style BBQ seasoning and red pepper flakes just to not waste the ingredients but it still wasn't  great and not worth making again.

I loved the idea of this since I love ruebens, but this was a bit too rich for my liking (and the husbands). However, it was still demolished during the football game.

