I thought a second rise after the loaf is braided would be a nice idea.

This bread was beautiful and yummy, but was a bit drier than I prefer. I would give it 4 stars on taste and texture, however I gave it three stars because I found it misleading that it called for only 3 1/2 cups flour and didn't give any sort of approximation for the amount of flour needed during kneading. I didn't measure the flour that I added, but I would approximate it to be around an additional cup. The dough was smooth and elastic, and on the stickier side (I didn't want it to be dry). This recipe is nice and simple though- I'd make it again and add raisins and maybe some vanilla extract to make it sweeter. This bread can be eaten savory or sweet.

Great recipe for a single loaf of Challah! Turned out big and beautiful!

I gave it a 3 based on my bread not your recipe. My eggs are home raised so they were very fresh. Too eggy for me. I think my yeast was not as fresh as could be even though it didn’t expire for another 3 months. It didn’t foam well nor proof well. I used a thermometer in my water so it wasn’t too hot or too cold.  My kneading could have been longer, I don’t know.  The dough was too loose to begin with at kneading so it took in lots of flour another cup.  Just a bland, dense, loaf. Excuse the braids. Lol. I had boys so my braiding skills are lacking. Lol better luck to you all. Enjoy!

Delicious! I changed a few things. Following the reviews, I added some extra flour. I also added a cinnamon/sugar filling to each strand of the braid. I did an additional rise after the loaf was braided for about 30 minutes. Next time, I will add more honey and add vanilla to the egg wash as others have suggested. Overall, very good!!

This is the best challah I’ve ever had. Everyone in the house was blown away when I said I made it. (geez guys, no faith in my cooking abilities.) I added some dried cranberries, but otherwise followed the recipe.

I agree that it needed about 4 cups of flour.  I am used to challah having oil in the recipe and letting it rise a second time. I didn’t add the oil but I did let it rise again before I baked it.It was ok. A bit  spongy, more like a brioche.  But my family liked it So that was a plus.I might try it with 3/4 cup water and 1/4 cup oil and add more honey next time.

I mixed this bread in my bread machine, took it out after first rise, separated into ropes, braided, let rise again for another 40 minutes. I then baked in my convection oven at 325 degrees Fahrenheit for 23 minutes. Came out beautiful and tastes awesome! Really is a great recipe.

I made this recipe to try my hand at making bread. My mom is still raving about how good this bread is. I'm also making it for a birthday barbeque. This recipe is easy to make and oh so delicious! It makes amazing toast!

It was a recipe for a bread Baker who has some experience with bread. The dough needs more flour than the recipe calls for. It also needs to be kneaded for 10 minutes. It's an easy recipe for experienced bakers.

My husband said this was the best challah bread I've made so far! This is actually the 2nd time I've used this recipe. The first time didn't turn out well. This time, I followed the advice if some of the other reviews. I added another tablespoon of honey, used 4 to 4-1/2 cups of flour, and did a 2nd rise for about an hour. The 2nd attempt came out much, much tastier.

