Your recipe is excellent.  However, it’s Gravlax not Lox. ( Lox is either cold smoked or smoked not just smoke flavored). One point I would strongly suggest for any cured Salmon, DO NOT use farm raised only Wild Salmon should be cured for Gravlax. Try adding a liberal amount of fresh dill when curing.

Followed the recipe as directed but this came out really really salty.  It was so salty is was not edible.  Will try again but not sure how much salt I can safely take out to ensure it properly cures.

recipe was easy as could be, but... im not sure if my salmon is fully cured or not, it still appears to be quite raw in the center. i followed the recipe to a tee but i did use a slightly larger piece of fish at .86kg. I corrected the ingredients according to the weight i had.

I made it as directed. It's not too salty & has a good texture. We're going to enjoy it.

Removed skin before salt and sugar was applied. After 48 hours I did the soaking and rinsing then dried fish with paper towels and cold smoked for a few hours, delicious!

I created this recipe. So if you enjoy lox, give this a try. If you don't have kosher salt, use half the amount of regular salt.  This was created after much trial and error following what I found in other recipes. I want to say something like I stood on the shoulders of giants, but yes that goes a bit too far. I have to say thanks for the nice person, Alan, that posted and absolutely beautiful photo. Food is love. Feed love to those around you and you'll find it comes back to you. Life is too short,  enjoy!

Absolutely delicious,have made this several times. I Love It!!!

Love Lox, Gravlax...even with Kosher salt this was a bit salty on it's own. Perhaps when eaten with something else to tame it, this would be more palatable. The recipe didn't say to remove the skin, so I left it on. Don't do that, remove the skin. It seemed the slices I tasted with the skins on were more salty than the ones I had removed the skins after the salt process. Will do again because it's just too cool to have this homemade! Thank you for sharing!

Excellent for homemade, just as good or better than store bought at a far less cost. Was great with bagels and cream cheese. Can I split the lox and vacuum seal part of it, and how long would it last?

Easy to do and my husband, the lox man,  and my friend, the lox, cream cheese and bagels girl, loved it!

Another review points out that lox should be [cold] smoked, this is simply not true. Lox is never smoked and is strictly brined as the curing process; fantastic recipe for traditional  lox that tastes just like the real deli product. Gravlax is very similar but would have juniper berries among other specific flavorings.

