I have made this for years. It's a very tasty dish and can be made either with cheese blintzes as written or with frozen fruit filled blintzes or with a combination of cheese and fruit filled.

This was the first time having this for me and my family and we all agreed that it was pretty good. I used a combo of cheese and blueberry blintzes but otherwise followed the recipe to the T with the exception of an added Tsp of cinnamon. I think next time I make it I will probably use 1 less egg, a little more OJ and will definitely sear the blintzes in a frying pan for a minute or two, to give the pastry covering a bit more consistency.

I made it.  Not exactly what I was hoping for, but tasted pretty good.  Next time, I will defrost the blintzes and brown them before adding to the casserole.  I would also use maybe 2 eggs, if not just one and decrease the sugar by about 1/2 cup.   I admit, I do have in mind a version of this casserole made by an acquaintance many years ago that I hoped would replicate here - creamier, less eggy topping primarily.

I was glad to find this recipe that I used to make for brunch years ago. I use half cheese blintzes & half cherry blintzes, and we found it much too sweet, so I cut the sugar nearly in half, & we liked it much better. I have also made it a few times without orange juice as we didn't have it handy, & it came out fine.

Small changes: used a 9x13" pan and spaced them evenly.  Added an extra egg & used 2 cups of sour cream.  Drained a can of cherry pie filling and put the cherries around the blintzes.

Made this for the first time and it was a hit! It was so delicious! I brought the souffle to a family gathering and it was enjoyed by all. in fact I would seriously consider making this and serving it warm as a fancy dessert. One thing I wish I had done was either used with small torch or put it under the broiler for just a minute or two to brown the top of it because the crunchy edges of caramelized sugar were phenomenal.

Everyone loved this!

Easy recipe - I cut the sugar to 1 cup and it was fine- serve it with defrosted strawberries in syrup - a crowd pleaser

I served it with sausage and topped with a raspberry reduction (no sugar since the soufflé was sweet enough.  I loved it!  It could be dessert too!

Substituted plain yogurt for the sour cream. Decreased sugar by 1/2 and added fresh blueberries.

Reduced sugar to 1/4 cup and sprinkled with cinnamon sugar before baking and it was great!

