I love making Latkes the easy way!!  I use the Simply Potatoes already grated!  They make wonderful and delicious Latkes!!

ok, so latkes might not be for me, and they definately aren't for the boyfriend. while i could eat them, and they weren't bad he just couldn't get through it i'll be making him something later.

I remember making this for Hanukkah in grade 2. I'm now 32 years old and still make them on occasion for breakfasts. Essentially its a hash brown just shredded. They taste amazing with apple sauce. give it a try! my mother has an egg allergy so we actually use Mayo as a mix (non-egg) Mayo and its turns out even better.

I was in a hurry for a side so I used frozen tater tots. Thawed them in microwave and crushed them up and followed the recipe. They came out really good! My family liked them and it sure beat shredding the potatoes.

This was too much like a hash brown for my family. We use more flour and it's more of a pancake filled with potato and onion goodness. I use a griddle with a little oil and cook them just like a pancake. My kids have tried them both ways and don't like them the way this recipe makes them. They like them with a bit more of a pancake consistency.

Great recipe!  Made exactly the same way as my mother did, with one minor difference.  I have made them twice since Hanukkah began on 12/18.  This recipe gave me between 8-12 decent size latkes.  I plan to make them again before the holiday ends.Highly recommend.  Great with either sour cream or apple sauce.

I loved this simple recipe. Easy to make a double batch. I substituted matzah meal for the flour. Served it with applesauce and sour cream and bit of chives. Great first night of Hanukkah

It was delicious and wish I'd made more!! I added garlic powder with the salt and pepper and of course we enjoy3d it with sour cream. The kids loved it !!

I think this recipe was simple and easy and was very delicious! I usually don't cook last minute but for this recipe, any time!

Promised a yield of 10 to 12 latkes but I only ended up with 4

Delicious!

