Made 2 batches, the first exactly as the recipe instructed except that I used regular crushed hot peppers as I could not find the Korean sort. Most grocery stores with an asian section now carry fish sauce, though it is generallt labled "Thai" fish sauce. Even after much rinsing of the cabbage this recipe was so salty that if any fermentation took place the tingle was lost in the brine. So then... I took the advice of another reviewer and cut the salt in half. This still drew out the water beautifully. I also like a bit more ginger in my Kimchi, so I omitted the ground ginger and added 2 (1") pieces of sliced dried ginger and 2 Tbsp of diced crystalized (candied/ sugared) ginger. Also added a Tbsp of whole black peppercorns. After 4 days in the closet and a day in the 'fridge the Kimchee was bubbly and yummy! This was very easy to make, and the ingredients are inexpensive. I won't be going back to the jar stuff from the grocery store! I understand every Korean Kimchi maker has his/her secret recipe, so just keep adjusting yours until you find what you like!

This could be very good but I agree it is MUCH too salty for my taste. I made it a second time and only used enough salt to cover the cabbage before setting it. Then washing it thoroughly before covering in the dressing. Much much better IMO.

This kimchi is sooo good! It's spicy, flavorful, delicious, and everything good! My only changes were to used 1 head of napa cabbage, 1 daikon radish peeled and julienned, and 3 carrots peeled and julienned; in place of the 2 heads of cabbage. I also used plain (non-iodized) salt. Other than that I followed the recipe as written, and made to sure to the rinse the cabbage about 4-5 times to remove the excess salt. It fermented for 5 days and came out beautifully! I will absolutely be making this again! Thank you so much for sharing your recipe!

If Nigel Tufnel plays at 11, this kimchi recipe sits at a 3.  Based on a yield of 14 cups, I assume the napa cabbage is ~6lbs,  (enough for 1 gallon, more or less).  My kimichi recipe also yields ~1 gallon, yet I use 1 CUP fish sauce, 1 CUP mild Korean red chili flakes, 1 whole BUNCH green onion, one whole BULB garlic, one large knob of FRESH ginger, grated, (~2-3 TBSP), 0 added sugar, (completely unnecessary).  Where is the radish? > (add ~1.5# fresh grated Mu)  Where is the carrot?  > (add 1-2 large carrots, grated)As for those struggling with the salt: 1+ cup salt is not unusual to brine 1 gallon of kimchi.  The key is to keep rinsing until the salt level is A) palatable & B) to your liking.  Rinse, taste, rinse, taste, rinse, taste.......  I usually get to the right salt level after 3-4 rinses.

The flavor is good, but a bit salty. I rinsed the cabbage several times and used demineralized water, not tap. The next batch I will reduce the amount of salt, it should be fine.

Easy to make fast and tasted great!

Easy to make. Needs careful preparations. Beast if you sprinkle the salt on each leaf one at a time and set aside to control salt amount. I didn’t have fish sauce or Korean chilli so substitute it with soy sauce and normal chilli powder. I like more garlic and used 3x the amount. Blended the soy, garlic and chopped inions to apply on each leaf. The chilli was also sprinkled on a leaf at a time double sided. When I’m ready to bottle it, I layered the stem first then leaf and alternate as I go. Taste GREAT!

I have been making this Kimchi recipe for 4 or 5 years now.  Love it.

I adjusted the salt to my taste.

I made per the recipe and it came out way too salty. 
I made it again using 1/3 of the salt and it came out perfect. Thus my ‘Loved it’ rating.
I got rave reviews from my Asian girlfriend and her Asian family.
This is quite a compliment as I am 1st generation Scottish!!!

To the people complaining about the salt- read the directions... the cabbage needs to be THOROUGHLY RINSED of the salt- and then rinsed some more! 

The spices weren't as good as other recipes I've used but this was still pretty good- assuming you actually follow the directions.

