This is a very good recipe.  I have never found Korean red pepper, so I use 1/2 tsp. crushed red peppers, instead.  I, also, use an apple instead of a pear with the same basic effect and is readily available. I use only a tsp of fresh ginger.  You can add a few veggies like carrots.  I sometimes make it with chicken.

I used pork instead of beef and a Honeycrisp apple instead of an Asian Pear.  Fast, easy and ever so tasty.  I'll keep this making this recipe as I received lots of compliments from a very fussy husband.

Best recipe -ingredients and details on meat and how to cook very helpful. Easy to follow.

The flavour is amazing, we all loved it. Like so many others, I used an apple (Gala, if that matters to anyone) and regular hot pepper flakes. I would like it to be saucier tho so next time I make it, I'll work on that. Chef John never disappoints.

Chef John you did it again! So easy and great flavor.

Now that was a tasty dish.  Well worth a trip to the Asian market for the spice.  I had my skillet hot, but it took about 10 -12 minutes at high heat on my commercial range.  Easy to make, don't skip on the green onion garnish, it completes the taste of the dish with perfection. 2022 update: this recipe has servings for 2 ppl! doubling or tripling can be problematic. You can use this to calculate for family portions, google inch calculator recipe scale conversion calculator

This is the third bulgogi recipe that I’ve tried and Chef John’s is the keeper. I used top loin steaks instead of short ribs. I couldn’t find gochugaru so used crushed red pepper but a tbsp was too much (and we are pro-spicy). I plan to order the gochugaru from Amazon for next time. I will add a little more brown sugar next time too. I loved how the meat caramelized. I used the Asian pear but thought another reviewers use of applesauce would have worked well as a plan B. Served over jasmine rice with kimchi on the side. Delicious!

Asian Pear was unavailable. I substituted an apple sauce snack cup and scallions instead of onion. Came out excellent

This was great! I used aji-mirin instead of sugar and served over rice noodles with a side of kimchi

Delicious! I have made this several times it never disappoints!

