My father is Korean so I remember having this dish as a kid.  We never put carrots in it so I left them out.  I also omit the salt--the soy sauce already has plenty of salt and I used reduced sodium soy sauce at that.  I added a bit more sugar to taste as I recall it to have a slightly sweet and salty taste.  Also topped with fresh scallions when it was done and served it over hot white rice.  Yum!

I made this after seeing it on the recipe buzz a few times. I had already defrosted the meat for the recipe and was ready to make it before I realized I had forgotten sesame seeds and the recipe was meant for an outdoor grill. I went through with the recipe anyway and made it under the broiler. I had thought the carrots and onions would be no good after sitting in the marinade and I was right. The meat had nice flavor but it was way too salty and a lot tougher than I expected. I think a thicker cut of meat would have worked much better. But, I do realize I also cooked it under the broiler although it wasn't my first time using it for grill recipes. I wasn't sure what to serve it with and wish I would have read the submitters comments. I went with white rice but a cucumber salad, as suggested, would have been a really good compliment also. I have nothing to compare this to. It did all get eaten, but I think I would like to try a recipe with the meat only and that is cut after it is grilled. I think that would help with the tenderness.

I was disappointed. Meat wasn't tender even after marinating for 24+ hours. I also expected the sauce to be thicker. I'm going to give it another try because this is the kind of dish I love and I suspect I must've made an error or two (wrong cut of sirloin, not enough sugar, maybe?). I did skip the MSG and salt, which I think is the right call. Otherwise I made it as directed by the recipe. The flavor is promising, but it does need some additional spicing up.

Very good recipe. I increased the quantity of the marinde as I'd used an eye of round roast which was larger than the recipe called for. I put it in my deep freeze for 2.5hrs and ran it through my meat slicer cutting across the grain. Marinated meat overnight. Grilled. Served as bulgogi tacos with gojuchang, cabbage slaw and homemade yum-yum sauce.

I only adjusted a few things as I did not have all the ingredients, and added a little kick!  I used extra virgin olive oil, 2 minced garlic, and a 1/2 teaspoon of cayenne pepper.  (Next time I will use the sesame oil.)

The meat was so tender and juicy!!  My husband loved it!! He is a big fan of Korean food!

I would add several tablespoons of pear juice or a little pineapple juice for a little sweet tang.

Love It! never get tired of this quick recipe

Amazingly good. Had to threaten bodily harm to save and protect a portion for someone who wasn’t able to join us for dinner. Followed others’ advice & let marinade overnight. Added extra minced garlic - at least a half cup more.  (Didn’t have the scallions.)  Used a stove top grill over the gas stove flame, grilling no more than 3-5 minutes each side or when pink mostly subsided.  Poured leftover marinade into small sauce pan with a cup off  water for about 10 minutes on low-medium heat to cook. Drizzled that over steamed broccoli and wow! I had broccoli eaters who didn’t complain!    No rice cooked, so baked 4 small potatoes...and drizzled THOSE with marinade as well. Everything was made better by the seasonings. The meat held the flavors and was just the right tenderness. Everything is gone.

The best!!!!  Super Duper Yummy!!

Yum!  Made as written except I doubled the sauce to service with rice.  Also, I? added corn starch because I? like a thicker sauce.  This was so good!

Wow!  This is really good.  I marinated mine (beef only) for 24 hours, then used the wok to cook it.  Took a reviewers suggestion and let the liquid that collected boil away, even though it felt like it was cooking too long.  The flavor was really intense and the beef still tender (due to the long marinade?).  Whatever, it was really good and I will make this again many times.

