I made it! And it was AMAZING! The only "twist" that I made was actually not using the slow cooker. It took me 1 hour to make this dish on my pressure cooker! So for those of you who own one and don't have the 8hrs luxury, go ahead and follow the instructions just place everything on your pressure cooker and let it do its job for and hour or hour and a half. The beef was so tender, shredded itself while cooking. Everybody at home loved it and it was great with tortillas, over potatoes, you name it. Great way to cook beef or pork. I cooked both and in my opinion pork tasted better with this recipe, although the beef was great too.

I didn’t like this at all mainly because of the sweetness of the meat. Instead of just throwing it away, I tried to save it by cooking the shredded meat for awhile with taco seasoning. It ended up a little better but I ended up tossing it anyway.

We LOVE this recipe. Usually eat it over rice with cucumber / other veggies.We do not follow the recipe on the jalapeño and ginger, instead we use the chef notes and use chili paste. Always turns out amazing and we've made it at least 10 times.

Wonderfully simple and meal with a complex flavor spectrum sure to please everyone.  Here's the secret...if you like spice ( I do) add more peppers, ginger, or garlic.  I actually chopped all my garlic unsure if it would overpower everything else. It didn't. Everything blended together perfectly.  I didn't have jalapeños so I added the garlic chili paste as suggested. Toppings were just a prepackaged mix with the soy sauce and vinegar with some fresh cilantro and a squeeze of lime. Fantastic! I'll definitely try it with a Serrano pepper or two next time to give it a touch more heat balancing out the sweetness. I'll definitely make this again...and again...and again.

So good and so easy! We topped with sweet chili coleslaw, the next day my daughter had it over rice. This is definitely a keeper!

I and my loving family thought it was excellent, I did stew meat, and only for 30-35 minutes in the pressure cooker,I also puréed the onion, my mother doesn’t like onion or bits of it so this purée was mixed in and I saw that the jalapeño evaporated into the sauce which we thickened with a water cornstarch mixture i and everyone else found it ever so tasty!! Thank you very much, will make again with different varieties we didn’t use taco idea went with garlic herb rice a roni very good :)(:

This recipe is a winner!!! Want to shred the meat faster? Place the cooked meat into a bowl, and use an electric handheld mixer to quickly shred it, then add it back into the pot with that delicious liquid...your welcome!

Yum!  Made as written with the suggested substitute of garlic-chili paste and only 5 cloves of garlic, which still seemed like a lot to me!  Great to have this option for stew meat.

Absolutely love it!  I’ve made this 4 or 5 times, now.  After telling everyone about it, I was asked to bring this to the 4th of July celebration.  Kids asking for seconds and leftovers in this house is unusual.  This one goes quick!

I've made this numerous times over the years and my family just adores it.  I typically use a large spoonful of brown sugar and it's perfect! Thank you for the delicious recipe!

I made this for a family function, and there were no leftovers! All the kids ate it and asked for seconds, which rarely happens in my family. I had to use ground ginger instead of fresh.

