Oh my dear God. This chicken is amazing. I agree. The best fried chicken ever. The sauce is wonderful too. However it's insanely hot. Those in my home that like the heat; loved the sauce. The rest ate the chicken alone w no regrets. Ty again Chef John. U never let me down!!!

Every speck of breading fell off while cooking the first time.  It looked like the same consistency as in the video. Not sure what I did wrong.  I'm sure it was a screw up on my part somehow, but I can't figure out where I went wrong. I followed directions to a T! Total waste of time and ingredients here. Oh well.

Addictively delicious. Eat with caution!

Fantastic! Spent time in Korea a few weeks back and was craving their fried chicken and came across this recipe. Glad that I did.

Oh my, this is some delicious, flavorful chicken.  It may seem like a lot of work to fry it twice, but it's so worth it. Very good.

This was  really great! I love the different taste when paired with the Korean Fried Chicken sauce. We didn't change a  thing on the recipe. It is nice to not have to do that. A keeper for sure!

Amazing crispy on the outside, moist on the inside fried chicken. Very tasty and fairly easy to make in a deep fryer. I only fried the chicken pieces for about 2 minutes for the second frying. Tasted great with or without the Korean Fried Chicken sauce.

Yummmmmm!

Super! Fool proof and delicious.

I made this today and I topped a salad with the chicken and it was the crispiest juiciest chicken I have ever made

Delicious!  It was my first time making fried chicken (!) and other than having a little trouble controlling/regulating the oil temperature—I didn’t have a deep fryer, so I just used a Dutch oven, whose heat retention could have made it trickier to more quickly change the oil temperature—I would call it a success!  The flavor was great.  The coating worked like a charm and didn’t fall off at all.  Husband and 4 kids aged 9-42 loved it. Since I wasn’t in a ketchupy mood,  I didn’t end up using the Chef John’s Korean fried chicken Sauce recipe but another highly rated Korean Fried Chicken sauce recipe here from AR that uses gochujang instead.  We weren’t crazy for that sauce, so some of us just ate the chicken sans sauce.  Next time I will make the Chef John’s sauce to go with this.

