This is the same recipe I have used for years.  We love it. The only thing I do different is I use  2 1/2 tablespoons brown sugar instead of white sugar.  The same amount.   Try it you will like it.   My son makes excellent Bulgogi and egg rolls.   This is the recipe that we use.  We buy a good beef loin and freeze it.   That makes it easier to slice.   He slices it very thin and then we marinate.  We also use this marinade on chicken and pork.  It is delicious.

First of all, I couldn't grill this because there was something wrong with the propane. I sauteed these on the stove inside.

That said, the steak turned out fine, but it had a slightly bitter taste. The marinade wasn't too great. Maybe it needs less soy sauce.

Costco bulgogi is a TON better.

Made this a few times. Only thing I have changed is I grate 1/4 of an onion into the marinade. I add sliced onions, peppers and mushrooms when I cook this in a wok, but prefer it over fire

I followed the recipe exactly.  I cooked the beef in the air fryer for 9 minutes at 380F. It turned out great.

Great flavor! I double the sauce and one batch is flank steak and the other chopped boneless skinless chicken thighs and marinade both overnight. I spread each meat separately in a baking pan lined with parchment paper and cook at 350 for 15 minutes then switch to broiler for 5 minutes or until meat has a little singe. I put either meat in a French roll or flour tortilla with mayo, mustard, pickles lettuce and cheese.  Keep the meats separate and sealed in the fridge and heat as needed. I hear about 1 cup of meat for 2min 30 sec on 50% in the microwave. I’m single so this lasts me all week.

Ended up cooking this in a wok and it turned out great along side some rice. Can't wait to try on the grill this summer.

This was incredibly easy and delicious.  We ate it as lettuce wraps and was perfect as just the meat and lettuce.  We also did make a sriracha mayo and a quick pickled cucumber using rice vinegar that complemented the dish well.

I will definitely make this one again.

Pretty pretty good. I’ll use brown sugar to test the comments.

Excellent!

This was AH-MAZING!! I accidentally let this marinade for over a day and it came out so flavorful!! I did have to double it since I have a large family. It was definitely delicious and I will be making this over and over again. Thank you!!

