Fantastic recipe! Followed it exactly but I baked mine in the oven at 375 for 20 mins and then turned on the broiler for about 5 mins. The meat came out very juicy w/ a little char on the edges just like if it was made on the grill! Next time I might either half or completely omit the water.

Nice.  Too much salt for me, (I used reduced sodium soy sauce the 2nd time) and too much sugar.  (I tried it with 1/8 cup sugar the second time.)

And if you do that, reduce the salt and sugar, you can pretty much omit the water too.  The recipe does benefit from a couple of days in the fridge marinating in a ziplock bag.

Wanted to find something flavorful and easy. Original was too sweet for me, so I cut the sugar to a little less than 1/2 cup of sugar and cut the water to 1/2 cup. Also, I use half a bulb of garlic.  Ppl rave whenever I make this. I may use soda next time, like 7-up or even Coke, and add 3/4 cup of blended onion.

Not bad, it's simple and tastes great. Get a good char to make it just like the restaurants. For me, I used an oven, 400 degrees with 15 minutes on each side and 10 on broil (about 450 degrees). I also left a lot of marinade in the pan, so times may vary.

Very good basic Kalbi recipe that is no frills and has most of the important ingredients listed, and none of the extraneous niche ones that you might not have around or are hard to find.My only notes are that adding toasted sesame seeds to the marinade to taste is a good idea, and that many soy sauces (that aren't reduced sodium) are too salty, so it's usually good to dilute the soy sauce with more water before adding it.  Maybe even as high as a 1 to 1 ratio of soy sauce to water.

Loved it an easy to make

Followed directions with no changes.  Marinated for 8 hrs and grilled.  Next time will try reducing water and adding pineapple juice to the marinade as some suggested!!!

Very tender and flavorful.

I made these ribs and they were finger lickin good! Definitely recommend this recipe.

What's not to love?  Sugar & soy sauce - my boy's favorite.  I found some short ribs at Costco - the smallest pack was 4 lbs.  They were on the thin side but we just grilled a little less time.  With 4 lbs we only had 3 ribs left! (2 teen boys, husband & myself)  Marinated overnight, grilled & served - delish!

It turned out perfect. My short ribs were relatively thin so cooking time was only about 6 minutes per side on the grill.

