I haven't been this excited about a recipe in a long time . . . we LOVED this! I used a flank steak that I had in the freezer - and sliced it across the grain while it was still slightly frozen to get really thin strips of beef. The only other change I made was using regular crushed red pepper, and increased it to 1/2 tsp (as I figured the Korean stuff was probably spicier than regular). It turned out to die for! My kids didn't complain (which meant that they liked it . . . heaven forbid I'd get a compliment), and they even went for seconds. I served this with Jasmine rice and an orange salad for dessert. Seriously, delicious!

Sorry to be the lowest-rated review thus far, but I just didn't love it as I'd expected to. Perhaps it was the beef sirloin I used, even after slicing paper-thin and marinating for a full 24 hours --  it  just didn't have the flavor profile I was expecting. I'd use flank steak next time and grill it versus the stovetop method and would also  marinate for less time.  I had to make more marinade after the 24 hours because the steak had soaked it  up (I wanted more for the jasmine rice and steamed broccoli I was serving).  I may decide to leave this dish up to the Korean restaurants going forward, but I appreciate trying something I'd never had before!

I LOVE Korean food!! My dad was a Purple Heart Korean War Veteran.  I wat Kimchi of which I make, but, I love bar-be-que. Instead of soy, which is more salty and also Chinese,  I enjoy Bourbon sauce and experimenting with wing sauce,  mostly Lousiana types... spicy but not too hot. It's very good and much more tasty.

The marinade smelled amazing and I was very excited for this recipe but it just didn't end up being flavorful enough despite marinating thin strips of sirloin for at least 24h.

Easy and delicious, we serve it over long grain white rice.

My daughter helped me prepare this as part of an international meal. Everybody liked it & only about 1 serving left; One lady took a portion home so yeah, I think it was liked by all! I’ll probably be adventuresome & make it again!

Great taste and easy to prepare

I'm not sure what authentic Korean BBQ is supposed to taste like but we liked this recipe for something  different. I followed the recipe exactly using a Chuck steak that I sliced thin. Served it with fried rice and sautéed broccoli.

I made this exactly according to the recipe using flank steak.  I have only eaten Bulgogi a few times, but this is the tastiest I have tried, and it is so easy to prepare.  I like it better than the highest rated Korean restaurant in my city.  I will be making this often.

Love the recipe. Just want to mention to watch the honey at the end if you cook it in batches may come out a bit sweet.  All in all the family loved it and wanted more.

This was delicious; comparable to a restaurant I used to order it from.  The only thing I did differently was omit the sesame seeds.

