You can substitute pear juice with pineapple juice(either from can or fresh pineapple) which will make the meat really tender.    Increased the sesame oil to 1T instead of 1t and added green onion to it.

I won't use this recipe again.  I have had Bulgogi from my Korean friend and it was different than this.  Thanks for the recipe, but it didn't taste like what I am use to.

Good, simple dish on the sweet side. Like others, I used dark brown sugar and since I didn't have much juice or wine, used Chinese Shao Shing Cooking Wine, which is also sweet. No MSG either. Oven roasted in my air fryer because it's not grill season in Upstate NY, yet.  Inducted into the "Make It Again" club!

I have made this for years using deer roast and using brown sugar instead of white which makes it sweeter, which I prefer. I also marinated overnight instead of just one hour.  After I browned the meat and the onions and I also use mushrooms, I add the marinade to the skillet and use a thickener  made from corn starch and marinade,  then added  the meat back into it. It was good to revisit the recipe. Thank you

We loved this recipe.  I made it exactly as written.  The marinade added just the right amount of flavor without overwhelming the flavor of the beef.

This was okay. Two of the five of us didn't care for it, so it's a no-go.

I decided to cut the amount of soy sauce in half, used pineapple juice instead of pear, no MSG, green onion instead of white, and chicken thighs instead. I served it with white rice and topped it with some chopped green onion. It turned out great. Definitely will make again. My husband loved it too, and he can be pretty picky

This was good but I didn’t grill it. I cooked it on the stove in a skillet. I kept all the liquid and cooked brown rice at the same time with the meat. After the rice was cooked I added half a bag of frozen green beans. One skillet meal!

Great taste will make again

I made it exactly as the recipe and it was wonderful. My husband and I have been to Korea and this recipe was very very close to the original flavor of Korea!

This had much potential. There was too much pepper for my family's liking. There are a couple people in my family that do not like spicy food. I like it, but this was too much black pepper. I think my mistake must have been that I tried using the sauce as a type of gravy for the rice. I liked the general flavor of it, so I will make an adjustment the next time.

