My stepson recently came back from serving in Korea, and requested this dish.  I tried this recipe and he ADORED it.  I am a vegetarian, and used the sauce with some tofu.  It was PHENOMENAL.  A very tasty dish.  Preparing it without the red pepper flakes will take some of the heat out for those who are not into spicy foods.  I found that without the red pepper flakes, the heat was just right for my taste.

Tasted very strongly of vinegar.

There is an art to Asian cooking that eludes me.  Figuring out what goes with what has been a learning experience.  However, this recipe is so easy and so delicious.  I made this for my Korean wife and she raved about it.  She actually said it was better than hers.  If you know anything about Koreans, that's like a six star review.  I'm familiar with the heat of gochujang so, I omitted the red pepper flakes (for my benefit).  I tell you what, it was spicy enough for her and tame enough for me.  I'd say on a heat scale from 1 -10 it's about a 6 without the red pepper flakes.

I used to get this all the time when I was stationed in S. Korea. Always been one off my favorite dishes. I wanted to try and make it for family and friends when I moved back home. Found this recipe and it turned out pretty close to my surprise. Everybody that can handle the heat loves it. I leave out the ginger and add a little extra of the paste and garlic. If you like spicy, try this recipe.

I should have either sliced the onions thinner or started them before the pork, because they were not even close to tender when the pork was done. And overall this flavor wasn’t as complex as I expected, I mostly just tasted the hot pepper - and I love spice but I just wish it had some other things going on.

I made this without any modifications. Wasn't bad but not quite as good as what i get in the restaurant.

Will definitely make again.  Used 2 tbs brown sugar instead of white and 2tbs siracha since I did not have Gochujang.  Threw in a little extra soy to counter the vinegar.

What can I say, just great tasting, spicy pork dish, was just devoured by my family. One of the best dishes I have had recently and I have had lots of great food.

Love, love, loved this!  Made exactly as stated, as I always try to make a recipe the way the creator intended before I make my own changes. (Well I just remembered I left out the red pepper flakes for the kids and it was still plenty spicy for us!) It was DELICIOUS!  I make a lot of Korean dishes, but I really liked how this one turned a very american cut of pork into a delicious Korean dish!  Try it!  You won't be disappointed!  As far as some comment that it tasted to vinegary I totally disagree!  I used straight rice vinegar (the the seasoned kind) and it was delicious.

This dish is almost a staple for my family. We love Korean food and this dish is delicious an so easy to make!

My plans were to make this and another pork recipe for the same meal. I expected this to be too spicy for some at the table. As it turned out, there is a little heat but it's not overbearing. Everyone at the table preferred this to the other pork I cooked. Will definitely be cooking this one again!

