Loved it.   Used angel hair cabbage and shred my own carrot with a box grater.   Gotta use Kewpie mayo and a little extra cayenne.

I loved it better yet the kids loved it.

Absolutely divine! Under no circumstances you should skip the sugar. Also, be careful not to put too much ketchup on as it throws off the balance of flavors. I do two quick squirts across the top.

I had regular, store-bought white bread, so that's what I used.  Next time, I'll try a thicker, stouter bread, and I might use a bit more butter while grilling the bread.  I used American cheese instead of cheddar, and I wasn't careful with the amounts of ketchup and mayo -- I just squeezed and smeared them on, respectively.  Eating it was a mess, but it was really good.

It was LUV at first bite, YUM :>)

This sandwich had absolutely no business being this good. I used up some leftover spiral ham and kewpie mayonnaise. I was concerned about the ketchup overpowering the whole sandwich, however, the sweetness and acidity were very balanced. I will definitely be making this again and experimenting with differently vegetables. Thanks, Chef John!

This was so great! A little extra work for a sandwich but the results are worth it! Didn’t change a thing but I eyeballed the cabbage; I ended up having enough to make two sandwiches? While some of the ingredients seem odd together- they work!! Hands down wonderful and would absolutely make this again!!

Ketchup on an egg sandwich? Added Sugar? Nope, no thank you. But as advised in the video, I did not alter this recipe one bit and it was so so good! The green onions made it and that coming from a girl who rarely cooks with onions at all.One note, I only had a medium thick white bread, I cooked the first sandwich exactly as presented and was a bit soft. So the next one I pre-toasted in the toaster before "grilling" in the pan.

Delicious! I was skeptical with the ingredients list but the end result of the Korean Street Toast in Chef John's video had me intrigued. I'm so happy I finally made it. As a suggestion chop extra veg as you and everyone else is going to want another. The fried toast didn't stay crunchy for long, next time I will use the toaster and butter it up nicely, maybe let the egg and veg cool down a bit so the steam won't soften the toast so much. Thanks again, Chef John!

This took a while to make.  No prob.  I was only making one serving and it is very filling!  I needed a nap afterwards.  But it is delicious!

