We loved this.  I used only 2 T. sugar and  doubled the soy sauce and the garlic because I had a bit more than a pound of chicken. Kept the other ingredients as written. I served this over fried noodles.  To make the noodles I used 8 oz of cooked angel hair rough chopped into a hot pan with 1/4 cup butter and. 2 T peanut oil. Sprinkle with 2 chopped green onions and garlic salt.  Fry until golden. Mix with steamed broccoli.  Serve serve the bulgogi over top of the noodle. 5 stars. Chicken had AMAZING FLAVOR. Nice and spicy.

woo garlic!  I halved the garlic and still felt like that was too much

Using original recipe, spice level was a little much for me but perfect for my husband. He really liked it and I agree the flavor was great.

We really likes this dish. I had to make a couple of adjustments. I used boneless skinless chicken thighs. That’s what I had. I also used Korean red pepper flakes instead of cayenne. It was quick and easy and so tasty.

Soooo good! Smelled up the whole house! I did add soy sauce and water to my taste. Served with rice....great!

This is a wonderful recipe!! I added a can of mushrooms and some carrot.  My husband really liked it and wants me to make it again!!!

I added broccoli and corn, I used peppercorn vs regular black pepper.  I also used 3 tablespoons of lite brown sugar and 5 teaspoons of low sodium soy sauce.  So tasty

Not bad at all, just very salty. Like eating a bunch of seawater chicken. The flavors are there, but get ready for a major sodium bomb

Next time I will use grated carrots or red cabbage.

Delicious! I like to add squash, zucchini, and green onions (plus extra on top as garnish, as well as extra toasted sesame seeds.) Might even throw in a jalapeno next time.I had it tonight over broccoli florets to cut down on carbs. Really tasty and relatively healthy as well. I'll be continuing to make this at least once every couple weeks.

I basically made this recipe as written but doubled it.  I bought broccoli and snow peas to add but ended up using only the broccoli because I had so much.  It was DELICIOUS!!!  I used chicken breast and cut them up.  It was so moist and had soooo much flavor.  I put it over rice.  I wish I'd taken a pic as it even looked delicious.  Make it, you won't regret it.  *** Spicy

