This turned out great. The first time I made this I followed the recipe exactly, perhaps adding a bit more brown sugar to fit my taste. The second time, I just boiled the vermicelli as I would regular pasta - it cooked WAY faster. I also skipped the skillet part, because the first time my noodles stuck and it made no difference in taste. Instead, I just added a bit of sesame oil - a little goes a long way here - and tossed the noodles with the sesame seeds. The oil seemed to bring all the flavors together much better than the first time.

I took some of the tips and just added meat and veggies. Other than that, I stuck to the recipe and it was amazing!! The meat had been marinated in a spicy chili ginger mix and the kick made it golden!! Thank you so much for sharing!

I needed a quick easy dish to take to a potluck. I had some glass noodles and this was the first recipe that popped up.
I made it as written with the sauce although for some reason I was reading sesame oil. Used that but I dont think there is much a difference.
I did add carrots and green onion. 
Delicious and my kids were eating before we even left
I wonder though as it really is sweet if I cut the sugar back.

Loved it! 5 stars from me.

being part Korean gives me expectations of knowing my culture and I was able to use this quick and simple recipe to fool my grandmother into believing I completely understood my culture. Definitely bouught me more time until I have  to go to Korea??. P.s they all loved it

It was great!!! I wish i could make the mochi recipe but i can not sorry !!!!! The real reason i did this was bc of BTS  i love them so much!!!!!!!!!

I added some imataion crab and some chopped seaweed it was so delicious

Really good and basic recipe! I suggest waiting to cut noodles after they’ve soaked. Also it’s best served cold.

Added shrimp, 1 sliced red bell pepper, and 1 diced serrano pepper. Sooo good!

Yummy, just as promised. I added a healthy, heavy-handed squirt of Sriracha. I also added some chopped chives at the end. Thank you for the recipe.

