OMG tasty!! The Korean Fried Chicken Sauce is made to go with Chef John's Korean Fried Chicken - also listed on this site. This sauce is VERY hot and we love spicy, however, 1 tsp. of red pepper flakes is a nice amount of heat.  If you don't tolerate heat at all I suggest you leave it out altogether, do a taste test and add a tiny amount if you feel it needs a little heat. I made a double batch and only used 1/4 tsp because my daughter doesn't tolerate spicy, and it still had a little bite to it but she said it was tolerable. You can always add more red pepper flakes to individual servings for those who do want more spice so others can enjoy a less spicy sauce.  I use half sweet chili sauce and half Sambal Oelek chili sauce (which is spicier than sweet chili sauce) which can be found at your local Asian market.  Sweet Chili Sauce can be found in most supermarkets in the Asian section.  I also think it had too much lemon juice but he does say adjust to your taste.  I had to add 2 tsp of sugar to offset the tartness, so next time I'll start with 1/2 juiced lemon and taste test.  Like he said it needs to have a nice balance of sweet, sour and spicy.  If you like fried chicken you have to try this recipe!  We served it with some fried rice and stir-fry vegetables. Fabulous recipe!  YOU WILL LOVE THIS SAUCE!!

Not anything like any of the Korean fried chicken sauces I've tried or made

I sautéed the onions and garlic because I wanted them to be cooked, I didn't have chili paste so I used a sweet and sour sauce, I added a little bit of sugar, oyster and Worcestershire sauce, then followed the rest of the recipe and added fried chicken strips at the end. the sauce turned out great!

Okay, this was really good for fried chicken, but hear me out: what about for fried...dumplings? Korean fried chicken dumplings?!?

So good with the Korean Fried Chicken!  Just spicy enough to get your attention,  it is just the two of us, so I had enough for 2 meals.  Green beans, rice and salad.  We were stuffed!  P.S. - don’t forget, you need to marinate chicken in spices ( I almost forgot). I did it for 4 hrs. Thanks Chef John for another keeper.

We've never had Korean Fried Chicken before, so I don't know how this stacks up against that flavor, but we put this sauce on  super crispy oven baked chicken thighs and it was really good.  We'll use this sauce on to dip our momo in in the future too.  Loved it.

Love me some sweet and sour sauce... and this is above and beyond that in flavor. Not as sweet which I love. Balance of flavors are on point. Once again Chef John nails it!

Tastes like weird spicy ketchup. But my kids liked it, so yay.

I cut down on the heat of the sauce and added some chopped carrots.

The sauce was So good!
The chicken was really good,  definitely crunchy.  I didn't marinade chicken long enough, but it was still really good!
I've made a number of Chef John's recipes and everything is always delicious!

I made this as written:-). Spicy for my taste, but it was suggested to season to taste:-). I will try again.  I am disappointed that "helpful" critical detail, was made by someone who DID NOT make it.. That really isn't helpful.

