Excellent recipe! Some tips to make it better: Do not incorporate the egg into the batter. Instead, crack and beat an egg all at once. Once you have the pancake spread out in the oil, gently pour the egg on top. Also, two teaspoons of cornstarch really crispens up the pancake. Be sure not to lay on the batter too thick -- make it super thin to start with, as it will puff up a bit, even without the addition of baking powder. DELICIOUS!

This was okay. Missing pork flavor though. Next time I think I'm going to add thinly sliced strips of pork or ground pork to add that flavor.

I would make this again. I didn't add salt as the kimchi was salty enough for me. For future reference, I would chop the kimchi more finely than I did this time so it will cook through more quickly.

This is great. Another recipe for my books with a high “wow factor” but low effort. And I had almost all the ingredients except for the Korean chili flakes so I used a 1/2 tsp of gochugang paste, and I beat the eggs before I blended everything together. I think next time I might even try to add pork as one reader suggested. Thanks for another great recipe!

I had a bit more kimchi, so I extended the recipe with some extra flour and water and it worked out great.  You may want to increase the amount of dipping sauce if you really like it!

Yum! A great way to use up extra kimchi and spring onions. Will definitely make this one again!

Yum! These are so good. I think I will end up using the whole jar of kimchi to make these yummy pancakes. I didn't change much about the recipe. I didn't use green onion because I didn't have any, and in the sauce I used garlic chili sauce instead of chili pepper flakes. It was still really good.

One of my fav's to use up the extras in the refrigerator, including the end of the Kimchee jar.  To make the outsides extra crispy and boost the protein level of this add part besan (chickpea flour - found in indian food markets) to the wheat flour specified.  I like them with a 50/50 mix. Add a bit of sesame oil to the cooking oil to give a nice flavor. 

I also make these without the kimchee, using other scrap veggies and indian spices in batter such as cumin, turmeric, coriander, and/or garam masala.  Sour cream or plain yogurt dip also good with indian version.

Also can add thai curry pastes and fish sauce to spice it up.

My Mother in law is Korean and this is how she cooks her pancakes! So yummy! She also throws in a can of tuna sometimes, very good and the only way my 5 yr old son will eat fish.

Lol Kimchi Pancakes are one of the reasons I married my husband (he's Korean)! Haven't tried it this way.. We usually just get mix at the asian store.. Will have to try it this way next time I make Kimchi!

I've made these a hundred times and they are delish and fast.

