LOVE this recipe!  I have tried to recreate bibimpop, which is next to impossible in the States.  This was FANTASTIC!   I began the recipe by frying some tofu in the oil (wok.... 1 inch width slices.  Key is to not touch the slices for 7 minutes until you flip!) as my rice was cooking (in the rice cooker).  Then, I followed the recipe as written, but threw in some thawed freezer veggies as well (broccoli and spinach) with the shoots, sprouts, and shrooms.  I mixed the rice, soy sauce, and onions in a separate bowl, and we each served our own since I will kill people with gochu chung or siracha.  I give this 10 stars.  I have been searching for a good bibimpop recipe, and this reminded me of Korea as much as the ingredients could allow!!!  Loved the addition of the mushrooms.  I will make this over and over.  THANK YOU!  Perfect!

Fairly bland, the only flavor it has was from the hot sauce.  I put the hot sauce on the side so I could see what it tasted it liked without the hot sauce and it wasn't that flavorful.

This is so delicious and filling and can be made a thousand ways with ingredients on hand. This is going on my rotation.

I made this for my family and they loved it!

This was a fun alternative dish that my family really enjoyed!

I made this for my husband, his picky Father and myself. It went over big even with picky father in law. they put some sweet chilli sauce on it, and said it was wonderful. If you wanted to add shrimp or shaved steak it would go most excellent. 5 star for sure

This is super easy, and very healthy. I made my rice, fried rice, which turned out really good. I had a few cherry tomatoes in the fridge, so I threw them on top. I also used my rice maker, which as a steamer basket, for the vegetables, which cut out some cooking time. Thanks for sharing the recipe!

This is amazing! I was looking for a good bibimbap recipe and this fits the bill. I did add sriracha sauce and it was amazing

I made too many substitutions (based on what was in the kitchen) to give this a fair review, but I liked how it turned out and appreciated having a jumping off point.

This is super good and very easy to make. My inly adjustments were minus the mushrooms (GF doesn’t like them) and I added another tbsp of soy sauce. You need to be mindful of any additional salt tho.

This is now a saved to be done again over and over recipe! Loved it! I've enjoyed bibimbap from ingredient supplied services in the past and liked it. I wanted to see if I could produce something equally good from a recipe ... Well, heck yeah!!! My wife is allergic to onion and garlic, so I left out the green onions, and used a sambal oelek that was garlic free for the sweet red chili sauce.

