I am not  much of a cook, and I didn't have all the ingredients, but the fact that the result was so fantastic tells me this recipe is very forgiving and very versatile.   I  didn't have fish sauce, brown sugar, chili paste or soy sauce.  I added red pepper flakes instead of the  chili paste and Liquid Coconut Aminos instead of the soy sauce.  It was so ridiculously easy and tasted so good that I wanted to thank you for the recipe!

I would use low sodium soy and fish sauce. Omit added salt and use your favorite Mrs. Dash

i loved it. easy peasy.. and tasted great. followed the directions. Only difference is i did not use flat iron steak. My store didn't carry that type so i substituted with something else.. but can't remember what it was called. Still very good. I'll do this one again.

I’m gonna partially blame myself as I tried to double this recipe to feed the crowd I was serving but by doubling, the results were not the same (I believe). The meat didn’t crisp up (cooked more like hamburger) and the flavors? Only okay. If any sauce was supposed to be produced by this, it didn’t on my attempt and meant we had to add soy sauce per serving. Loved this idea but didn’t work out for us. Thanks anyways!

Easy recipe, wonderful flavour. Found it easiest to cut the meat while still slightly frozen.  Didn’t make any recipe changes, it was great.

I am not  much of a cook, and I didn't have all the ingredients, but the fact that the result was so fantastic tells me this recipe is very forgiving and very versatile.   I  didn't have fish sauce, brown sugar, chili paste or soy sauce.  I added red pepper flakes instead of the  chili paste and Liquid Coconut Aminos instead of the soy sauce.  It was so ridiculously easy and tasted so good that I wanted to thank you for the recipe!

I had never heard of Bulgogi until last week, so I have nothing to compare this to, but I thought it was delicious and very tender.  I used a London Broil steak, flatiron was not available at my local store.  Will definitely make again!

Whenever I make bulgogi, I throw the meat in the freezer for a bit, which makes thinly slicing it much easier. I used a skirt steak for this and half red onion, half yellow onion, as I had those in the fridge to use up. I found that there really wasn't much marinade to shake off, as much of it was absorbed into the meat. You also won't need an entire bunch of green onions for a garnish - maybe like 1 or 2 at most. The flavors in this are spot on, and the juice that was released from the beef while baking was delicious over white rice, which is how I served this. My husband and I both agreed that this was a "do again" meal. I also liked that I could prep it earlier in the day, and then just pop it in the oven and cook some rice while it was cooking. Quick and easy!

I love Bulgogi! I was looking for a way to make it at home.

I didn't like the cut of meat used - too much prep, expensive and then it was kind of dry. The flavor was good but if I make it again I'll use another cut of beef.

