Amazing! This is my first allrecipes recipe. The ribs  turned out delicious and didn't have that "porky" flavor, likely due to braising them in beer. We purchased the hot gochujang, which made them spicy. I made one rack and only needed 2 hrs in the oven. I finished the ribs under the broiler for a couple of minutes per side, watching closely the whole time.  I'm uploading a photo.

Unfortunately, I used country style pork instead of ribs.  I also did not use the beer.  My bad.  The sauce was excellent but the meat was very dry.  Better not to substitute.  Try it with BBQ cabbage wedges drizzled with garlic oil if you don't care for rice.

While these were not the “Korean Style” ribs I’ve had before, this recipe is really good! And some heat but not spicy. I Followed the ingredients and steps exactly, including marinating overnight. The cook time (2.5 hours) resulted in amazingly tender ribs! Thanks for the recipe Nick!

Turned out very good. I doubled the sauce but did not double the chili sauce. Was hot enough. The recipe says to bake the ribs meat side up. Found out the hard way that it is important to due so.

I added some minced jalapenos and they stuck right on the ribs and made each bite that much better.

it was good

LeroyI could find the spivey but I found the sweet and spicy I did everything the same it came out awesome thanks

I love this recipe; however, even though I do love spice I found this a little too spicy for me. The next time I make it, I will cut the gojujang to two tablespoons instead of three and see how that goes. I also think this would go great as a sauce on chicken wings.

It sounds tasty, and I would like to make it. However I am deathly allergic to beer. The author does not suggest any alternative ingredient(s) for people like me or people who must avoid any type of alcohol.I'm hoping they will answer with a suggestion.

Crespy and testy

This recipe is amazing!! I used St-Louis style ribs and they were fall off the bone succulent.  Our house smelled so wonderful! It had just the right amount of heat and tones of umami.  This is a MUST try recipe!

