The football fans loved these.  I did an assortment of wings including traditional wings and these Korean Wings won hands down.  I did dust the wings with a flour / cornstarch / seasoning coating before frying.   This sauce is great!

Really very good! Found myself dipping my finger in it every now and then as I prepared the rest of the meal. I did use hoisin as a sub since I didn't have any BBQ . I believe it added more depth vs. using nothing, however, if ever in that situation again, I'll back up on the hoisin (2tblspn perhaps) as it was a bit salty. Meanwhile, debating if BBQ sauce should be a staple!

I thought these were very very good. My husband and I both agree that they could be a bit spicier, so will try using some red pepper flakes next time. Definitely a keeper. Thank You!

AMAAAAHZING

AMAZING...made these and they were amazing. Spicy but not too spicy...def gonna have this recipe on hand for go to. It's a great change from buffalo wingsYou have to try this recipe...you will not regret it 🧡🧡

I made the sauce for my husband who loved chicken wings. I had him try it before adding it to the wings. I didn’t like it at all. Way to salty. I added a can of tomato paste, more brown sugar and some more spice. Still he didn’t like it.

I make huge batches of the sauce and use it on everything!

Very good! I baked these instead of frying, following imomma's tips. I put flour, garlic powder, paprika and pepper in a plastic bag. Added wings, shook it up and placed on non-stick foil, and baked at 425degF for 30 min, turned over and baked for 15 min. Then coated with sauce. Out of the oven, they were crispy; not so much after 5 hours in the fridge. In place of the bbq sauce, I used chile sauce and liquid smoke. I scaled this down to 1 lb of wings, but had extra sauce. The sauce came in handy for topping them when I had the rest later for dinner. I also made an Asian broccoli slaw stir-fry (from another site) which was good but dry. The extra sauce came in handy for topping that, too. Really enjoyed these, but get your napkins and wet-ones ready for the stickiness! Thanks for the recipe!

Excellent! I baked the wings, following the directions of another reviewer (dredge in flour/lemon pepper, toss in oil/melted butter, then bake at 425 for 30 minutes, turn over and bake 15 more minutes) I also halved the sauce recipe, and there was still a lot left over, which I'm okay with. The sauce is delicious! We will be pouring it on all sorts of other meats, veggies, and rice/noodles. I prepared the sauce as directed,  except adding 2 things- 1 tablespoon of korean red pepper paste, and 1 tablespoon of korean soybean paste. It really ramped up the umami taste and spiciness.

We did not like the sauce. It was overpowering in sweetness and the soy sauce.

