This was an awesome dish. I used the same spice mixture (1/2 tsp Korean red pepper powder) as my homemade kimchi spice mixture and it was great!

It didn't say to rinse the salt off the cucumbers. I didn't and I think it turned out very salty. I followed the directions to a tee except for that step. I believe it would have been much better had I rinsed the cucumbers before pressing them in paper towels. Will try again. I toasted the sesame seeds for 1-1/2 minutes on high in the microwave, flipping them every 15 seconds. Worked great!

We loved it!  Next time I’ll cut back a little on the red pepper flakes (substituted for gochugaru).  Otherwise, a great flavor and a welcome addition to my recipe rotation.

Yum, this recipe is a winner! I sliced one english cucumber as thing as I could by hand and then adjusted the ingredient amounts for the amount of cucumber I had. Like other reviewers I rinsed off the salt before wringing out the excess water for a less salty final dish. This is a cool and refreshing side dish I'm excited to make again!

I made this almost exactly as written, only cut in half because I didn't have 3 lbs of cucumbers. The only deviation from the recipe was that I followed other reviewers' suggestion to rinse the salt off the cucumbers before drying. It's perfect!  Exactly what I've been looking for.

Family favorite.  Never lasts more than an hour in the fridge.

Simple, refreshing, a little spicy. Very nice.

This is a delicious recipe that is easy to put together.  Like some other reviewers I thought that it would be to salty as set out.   I rinsed the cuke slices in fresh water to get out some of the salt. It worked.  I used a tbsp of cri
Used red pepper and 1/4 tsp of ground cayenne pepper as we didn't have any Korean peppers.  It tasted great. Thought that I was back in Seoul.

It didn't say to rinse the salt off the cucumbers. I didn't and I think it turned out very salty. I followed the directions to a tee except for that step. I believe it would have been much better had I rinsed the cucumbers before pressing them in paper towels. Will try again. I toasted the sesame seeds for 1-1/2 minutes on high in the microwave, flipping them every 15 seconds. Worked great!

This was an awesome dish. I used the same spice mixture (1/2 tsp Korean red pepper powder) as my homemade kimchi spice mixture and it was great!

I love this recipe but like the tartness n more than the sweet so I add 1/4 c water and sugar and 1/2 c vinegar which makes it perfect for me!

