When made correctly this dish is delicious.  If you are considering adding it to your dinner rotation, then I highly recommend taking a trip to your local Asian supermarket.  There you will find ingredients and tools to make this perfect every time.  At the Asian supermarket you should buy your gochujang, stone bowls, sticky rice, chili oil, and their thicker soy sauce made for soups.

Everything is made up ahead of time.  I use:  bean sprouts, shredded carrot that I mix with the thicker soy sauce, chicken tossed in the same sauce, steamed and pressed spinach tossed in chili oil, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, and an egg, but you can add different veggies if you prefer.  I put my stone bowls in a warm oven while I cook my sticky rice in my rice cooker.  The sticky rice gets really crunchy in the stone bowl and is well worth the effort.  Once it's done, I take the bowls out and place on a hot burner (be careful of heat because the bowl can crack).  I add the sticky rice to the bottom with chili oil and cook for five minutes.  Continue to stir so it doesn't burn and occasionally flick water into the bowl to get that crunch. When that is finished, I add the other ingredients around the bowl like a sliced pie would appear.  Lastly I cook the egg for the top, add salt and pepper to it and place it on top.  Undercook the egg as it will continue to cook in the very hot bowl.  I cut my gochujang with sesame oil to thin it out a bit.  This is a family favorite and healthy too.

After the number of very positive reviews,  I was disappointed at how bland this dish was. My wife and our brunch guests had the same response.  I followed the recipe very carefully.

Looks and tastes amazing!!Anyone who doesn't like it cooked it wrong.

Tastes as good as that one Korean restaurant I went to.

Loved this! I took advise from other reviewers and used the Easy Korean Ground Beef recipe from this site, and sautéed the spinach in sesame oil instead of using another pot to boil, and used sticky rice.  Since everything is cooked separately, I used on pan for all (except the rice).  This was very good, and very filling.  Son gave it 5 stars!

It was delicious, very filling too! Would make again.

Really liked the recipe .For the spinach I cooked the recipe in a frying pan with some sesame oil it will cook down then Iput it in a bowl and added he soy sauce .Followed some other advice about the meat did added Korean sauce to it . Cooked Basmati rice because I had it . Then followed the recipe

Delicious! I forgot to add the egg, but it was very filling and I enjoyed it

The cucumber with chili paste was pretty good. Cucumber is not usually cooked; I usually don't like cucumber so I was pleasantly surprised. The spinach was basic but good also. I personally felt like the fried egg didn't mesh well with the other flavors but that is a personal preference. I added some salt to season the beef but felt it would have been nice to add a unique seasoning to give it more flavor. I loved the way it looked. Very visually appealing. I just need to make some modifications to make it perfect.

Delicious! My husband loved it more than our favorite restaurant version. This is a keeper!

I made more spinach than it called for.  I also had extra carrots and cucumber left.  I would make less.

