I just wanted to add some information to my mom's recipe. When the recipe says 3 tbs, that's 3 heaping tbs (but adjust to your liking). You may reduce the soy sauce down to 1/3 cup - the recipe won't allow me to correct this but I do find 1/2 cup to be a bit salty. You can throw the chicken in the pot still frozen, it still gets well-cooked all the same. It's important to use bone-in chicken as it makes the meat more tender while cooking, that's why I prefer drummettes. I like to toss in baby carrots instead of chopping large ones. If you're using Red potatoes, add them at the same time as the chicken since they need more time to soak the sauce in. I liked someone's suggestion of bell peppers, I'm using it now myself. Once everything is in the pot, reduce the heat to med-low. The sauce won't cover all the ingredients, so you'll need to stir occasionally. It's ready when you can half a carrot & potato piece and see the sauce has soaked inside (won't soak very far into Red potatoes). The liquid will thicken more as it cools. And if you make this recipe with anything other than Korean hot pepper paste "gochujang," such as sriracha, then you did not make this authentically as this is the primary ingredient for this recipe - please don't knock down the review if you don't like your substituted version. Always serve this over a plate of rice.

The meat, potatoes, onions and carrots all tasted the same.  It all had the same flavor. I grew tired of the taste after a couple of bites.

My Mom is Korean and she loved it, so this recipe gets our endorsement! So easy and delicious. As suggested, I just dumped frozen drumsticks and all the seasonings in a pot. I used less soy sauce and 1/2 c water because we like more sauce. I also cooked for 1.5 hours for a richer taste. Due to diabetes risk, I cut out the sugar, and it was still sweet from the carrots and onions. Delicious!

Everyone loved this, made it as the recipe said. Will definitely be making again

I cut the sugar to 1 tbsp, I also added pepper flakes, it  was delicious! and so quick and easy!  I didn't have any bone in chicken so just cut up boneless chicken thighs, worked great, I will try bone in next time

Very good, and adjusted for 6. Made a few tweaks. First used chicken breast and Sriracha, because that’s what I had. I used 2 TBSP is Sriracha, and was plenty of heat. I also added a TBSP of Oyster sauce, just for a little depth. Turned out great over rice, with a side of steamed broccoli.

Very flavorful. I added enoki mushrooms, Chinese turnip, and green bell pepper. Also decreased soy sauce to 1/3 cup per recommendations.

This dish is so tasty!! It’s my new favorite chicken dish of all time. The flavor combinations pleases all the picky eaters in my house. Instead of using drumettes, I used boneless chicken thighs and cut them into bite size pieces.

Delicious as it is!

This recipe is absolutely delicious! my mother is Korean and I grew up eating authentic Korean food every day. Finding this recipe gives me a little taste of home. I followed a couple of recommendations: 

1. Reduce soy sauce to 1/3 cup
2. Reduced sugar by a half tbsp

Otherwise, perfect!

Very tasty and very easy! One pot dish!

