I work in a Korean run restaurant and every once in a while, my bosses mom makes Chap Chae. It's my most favourite Korean dish. This is a very good recipe, the only thing I changed was I used sweet potato noodles instead of the cellophane noodles.

Traditionally, bamboo shoots are not used in korean cooking. I advice subsititing the bamboo shoots for shitake mushrooms. Also, I would add yellow onions in addition to the green onions and more garlic. We Koreans incorporate a lot of garlic in our cooking. I do not usually add nappa cabbage to my version, but it is nice to add for the additional color.

I couldn't believe the amazing taste!!

Will definitely make it again!! Added bean spouts and lots of mushrooms.  Scrumptious!

The sauce is what makes Chap Chee sooooo good. That being said, the next time I make this, I'm going to double or triple the amounts for the sauce. Everything else is right on.

I have to say that I was looking for a recipe that I could use bean threads  and broccoli slaw.  I changed a lot! I boiled the bean threads 5.29oz package with broccoli slaw 16oz package for 5 mins. I sautéed onions, garlic 2tbl and sesame seeds in 3 tbls sesame oil  , 2 tbls sugar , 2tbls soy sauce and 2 tbls amino acids (healthier than soy). Then,  I added in the cooked drained noodles and slaw. I stirred over low heat for 4 minutes added some broth to keep from drying out.  I served with grilled chicken. My family loved it even though it is not a true Korean dish. It was fast because I didn't have to clean and chop veggies!

I like bean thread noodle and this dish was good with the beef and vegetables. I did add hoisin sauce because I didn't think soy sauce alone would be enough.

This was pretty good, but I wish I'd remembered that we were out of kim chi to go with it. It really needed the little something extra.

Double the veggies, soak noodles longer

Tasted great! I omitted the bamboo shoots and the cabbage since I didn't have any on hand. Plus I don't think I've had either on the dishes I've ordered from a Korean restaurant. I also used 6 oz of Korean starch noodle (pre-boiled) instead of bean threads and added half a red bell pepper for color. Finally I added shiitake mushrooms and ear mushrooms.

I love this recipe! I double it whenever I make it.  It is just fine as is but I add more vegetables depending on what I have on hand. I've added broccoli, mushrooms, and baby corn cobs. I even made it with chicken before. It always taste great! Thanks for the tasty recipe! This is a keeper.

