I've used this recipe a handful of times.  Each time I made it, everyone raved about the ribs, even scooping up the last drop of juice and and pouring it over their rice.  Since I do not have a grill, I cooked the ribs in the oven.  I used aluminum foil to seal the ribs like a tent and gave it more of a steam effect so that they came out very tender; the meat was falling off of the bones.  I cooked it in 400 degrees for  1 1/2 to 2 hours.

This did not work for us at all.  The flavor was very good (hence the 3 stars) on the tiny portion that was edible, but the ribs didn't grill right at all.  I think it would have been much better to try this marinade with slow cooking the ribs instead of grilling them.  They were almost impossible to eat and mostly went to waste, it was very disappointing.

Delicious as directed.But for real over the top flavor, drizzle honey and good balsamic vinegar on the short ribs when served.

I followed the instructions of the recipe for the most part but I added chopped cilantro and chilli powder to the marinade. Seeing I don’t have my grill ready for the season yet, I baked this for 8 hours at 275 degrees. It was fall off the bone beautiful. My family loved it.  Will definitely do it again.

Way too much sugar. I’d use just enough to make it a little sweet or better yet use a healthier option. I’d add some fish sauce, and a little spicy red pepper too.

this recipe was very good. I cooked it in the oven like someone stated previously. my friend loved them and has been craving them so she asked for the recipe. the only thing I did different was I added about 1/2 a cup of the glass bottle coke.

My family loves this recipe!  We make it frequently.  I have tried various cuts of beef with it - our favorite is to use Sliced Beef Ribeye Rolls from our local H-Mart (Asian market).  Yum yum!

This recipe was beyond amazing. My only change was I used half the sugar. Otherwise I followed the recipe completely. My dinner guests were so impressed. So flavorful and delicious. Just perfect. Highly recommend.

I marinated my short ribs for 8 hours and cooked them in the oven for 2 1/2 hours on 350. Removed the bone once meat started to separate. Very tender, they were a hit!

I tried this recipe. Followed all of the ingredients except the sesame seeds. Also baked on oven for 3 hours as opposed to grilling. Flavor was wonderful, meat was tender.

Really great flavor. I baked them instead of grilling just because I don't like to grill. Baked at 225 for four hours, without removing the marinade. Meat was falling off the bone, and delicious.

