Having spent considerable time in various eateries throughout South Korea, salivating over Gal-Bi, and missing it, I was brought back with this recipe. Thank you. I sent some with my spouse, to serve to an elderly Korean girl friend of hers. It definitely passed the test. She loved it. She offered a suggestion...Pepsi. She told me to add Pepsi! I added about a quarter can to the recipe and it rocks! Either way it's a great, great Korean taste to die for.

I've had some real Korean Kalbi and this was not nearly as good as the kind in the restaurant, but my family enjoyed it nonetheless. I might try to add some other spices, such as ginger, green onion and sesame seeds to see if it resembles the real Korean taste.

I let it marinate for almost 24 hours. It was Fabulous! I also cooked down the marinade after I took the ribs out to about 1/4 the volume and drizzled it over the cooked ribs, This is a permanent addition to my repertoire.

Amazing taste!!I would now try this on the smoker and finish off on the bbq!!Amazing flavour!!It needs the time to loosen the rib up!!

I have tried this recipe twice now, and every single time it takes much longer to cook the ribs than stated. I cooked my beef short ribs on the stove the first time for 25 minutes and it was horrible. Today I started on the grill outside for the stated time, and I had to then cook them on the stove for an additional 20 minutes inside to get them to rare. On med-high heat both times (grill at 400 F). This recipe sucks!

Looks easy and delicious!! Can’t wait to make today!!!

LOVE it!  Never had I ever even tried these ribs until Easter.  They were soooo yummy, even my picky eater couldn't get enough!  Came to find a recipe and of course, Allrecipes for the win, again!  Have made em a few times since.  Definitely in our dinner rotation:). The longer they marinate, the better the flavor so definitely be patient and allow at least the 24 hours (we've done 1/2 that time too, and longer).

Very yummy!

Delicious!

Excellent recipe! Reminds me of the korean bbq ribs i used to get at Shilla on Wilshire in Koreatown back in the 90s! Very tasty!!!

I was short on time so I only marinated for 4 hours.  I followed the recipe exactly otherwise.  It was a hit!!!! Whole family loved it.

