Forgot to mention after you combine the garlic, onion, pear, soy sauce, sugar, honey, & sesame seed oil, taste the sauce. if you want it sweeter you can add more sugar/honey/cola

also instead of honey you can also used cola.

pear is used as a meat tenderizer so you can substitute w/ kiwi or rice wine too!

enjoy!

My husband love it. Not sure if it was because of the recipe itself or the combination  of side dishes I prepared (spinach, bean sprouts, black beans and ssamjanag sauce). I also added  1/4 c green onions  and 1/2 t black pepper and 2T rice wine since I did not have the asian pear. The meat was a little  tough, maybe because the Safeway's ribs were cut thicker  than what you would get at a  Korean grocery store. Next time I'll tenderize with baking soda for 30 mins (1t baking soda + 3T h20/ lb beef prior ( rinse off after 30 mins) prior  to placing in sauce  mixture.

I thought this marinade was superb.   I added a touch of chili powder (for our tastes.  I have made this several times now.  It is better if you let the meat marinade over night.

Tips fromI received from from a harumoni (Korean grandmother): These are referred to as "L.A. ribs." Rinse ribs under running water to remove bone chips first.  Then soak in Coca-Cola, ginger ale or 7-Up for an hour in the fridge to draw out blood, then drain but don't rinse again. The rest of the recipe is excellent.

These are amazing!!!! I made them as written. Next time I'll add some green onions and ginger as suggested, but you don't need to. They're finger lickin'good as is!

Followed the recipe as is, and my ribs turned out amazingly well. Whole family enjoyed them with steamed jasmine rice and kimchi. Had no leftovers! Family asked for me to make them again for dinner a day later! A great recipe! Thanks for sharing.

Instead of an Asian pear I used some left over applesauce I had.  Delicious recipe!

This recipe is sooo good, I had to sign up on this site to post a review.   I honestly encourage anyone reading my review to TRY THIS recipe!  Im asian and have eaten alot of galbi at restaurants.  This recipe matches with the best I’ve eaten if not better.  I bought a good cut of short ribs, expensive but so worth it.  Its nicely marbled and less fat then cheap cuts.   I followed the recipe to a T.  Thank you to the poster of this recipe!

Great flavor, will use again!

I used low sodium soy sauce and it was delicious!

