Mmmm... I love the flavor - salty, sweet and pungent. I used Korean sweet potato starch noodles - I don't know that is the same as the recipe. I used a whole onion & I was too lazy to cut match-stick carrots, so I shredded them instead (that might have made them a little wet, but it was still good). I used spinach instead of asparagus & fresh mushrooms instead of dried shiitake.  Great recipe!  Thanks for sharing!

Few missing ingredients in this, Beef for example is important, Beaten eggs thats sliced thinly is another missing ingredient. Asparagus is not included in the traditional receipe either. Koreans eat this dish when there is something to celebrate or they are entertaining guests.

Made the glass noodles with pot stickers, dipping sauce and a sweet Korean crispy chicken from this website.  You NEED to try the chicken recipe.  It's ridiculously good.  As far as the glass noodles it was way too bland.  Added more soy sauce and sesame oil to taste.  I skipped the asparagus and added cooked spinach.  Super easy to make!

I tweaked it a bit but the base is still the same. 100% Guarantee, will make this more often.

Badly needs chili paste or guochujang.

This was delicious and makes a ton!  Definitely double the sesame oil and sauce and I used cabbage instead of asparagus.

Easy recipe to throw together at the last minute.

Delicious !  Go ahead and try different Veges in this dish.... I am not a Huge fan of Asparagus so instead, I substitute with Bok Choy.  I serve this dish with Gal-Bi (Korean BBQ Short Ribs)....

Being like a stir-fry, this can be adapted to include the ingredients and quantities that you want.  I prefer blanched spinach instead of asparagus and added scrambled eggs (fried like a pancake then cut into strips).  I also like a high vegetables to noodles ratio.  For this approximate size recipe though, like other reviews mention, you need about double the soy sauce mixture and sesame oil than called for to get a good flavor.

SO delicious~ I add any vegies I have to it.

I used cellophane noodles for this dish. It was tasty, and I will make it again, but I will double the sauce or use less noodles as I found there was not quite enough sauce for the amount of noodles and that is why I scored it low. I omitted the asparagus and sesame seeds, and substituted the fresh mushrooms for the dried. Other vegetables like broccoli or celery could be added too. 
#AllrecipesAllstarsCanada
#lunarnewyear

