I love Fattoush, I grew up with it as a kid.  One suggestion I have is to toast the pita bread in an oven/toaster oven until crispy, break it into bite size pieces and mix it into the salad.  It is a healthier option than frying the pita as another user mentioned, and adds a nice crunch to the fattoush.

i am lebanese, and this is my favorite salad. But just to note: the ingredients used in this recipe are right but the problem remains with the sauce that you are using. the real sauce requires: lemon juice, olive oil, sumac and garlic. and if you like, u can add a pinch of zaatar(A lebanese mixture of savory, thyme, sumac, and sesame seeds. Available prepared in most Middle-Eastern groceries).

I made this last week for a dinner party where we were having Chicken Shwarma Wraps from an authentic Lebanese restaurant. I wanted to try and duplicate the Fattoush Salad from the same restaurant, and it worked.  I omitted the green pepper, as I have never had it in Fattoush salad; did not have Sumac, but Google said you can sub lemon zest or lemon pepper. I subbed lemon zest and a little more lemon juice; did not use the water/ cornstarch mixture, not necessary in my opinion,  and the dressing was outstanding. I added sliced radishes and was able to find authentic garlic pita chips from another Lebanese store in my area, and they were perfect for this salad. This will be in my salad rotation, it was delicious and very authentic.

I give it a four star since it is a lovely and healthy  original salad!!
However, in some area in Lebanon, they add 2 more ingredients to the list which makes a big difference which is , sliced Radish and Pomegrenade molasses. Try it out by mixing the radish and putting the sauce of pomegrenade on top of the Fattoush!! You love it guaranteed!!

Not one of the better Fattoush salad's I've eaten.  Sumac makes this dressing a bit sour so next time I will try adding zaatar.  I'm not sure what purslane would add to this salad, I can't find it in any of my grocery stores.

Healthy and oh so scrumptious.  I made my own fattoush using this recipe and two others.  I used the basic salad dressing here and added extra sumac, a bit of za'atar, and a drop of evoo.  For the salad I used arugula, tomatoes, cukes, red onion, mint, parsley, and toasted stale wheat pitas (375 in the oven for 5-7 min on each side).  Big hit, definitely making this again.

I have been searching for this dressing recipe!!!  This is just like one that I used to have when I lived in Dearborn, MI.  Thank you, thank you!!!

I was skeptical, but this dressing is my new favorite! The four-star rating is only because I found it much better with 2 TB. olive oil, which is still MUCH less than traditional recipes. (Salt- I used 1 tsp, and sumac I increased by 1/2 tsp.)

This salad is a staple for the Lebanese, right under tabouleh.  However, the mountain people never make a dressing with cornstarch or heating.  So, according to my mother-in-law (a little of this and a bit more of that) you add the sumac to the onions that you have chopped in the bowl.  The sumac is mixed into the onions and it is used liberally.  All vegetables are chopped into the bowl. Then mixed together with salt, black pepper, lemon juice and olive oil. At the very end you mix in the toasted pita bread (make sure you pull the pita apart so you have two rounds before you toast).  Then enjoy!

excellent - almost as good as the local lebanesse pita shop! now if only there was a way to keep this stuff in the fridge and it not go soggy in a few hours.

This recipe, while good, fell short of my expectations based on the description and review(s).  The dressing did not have the 'zip' found in restaurant salads.  It is a nice recipe; but if you're looking for the "greatest fattoush salad in the world", you may wish to try a different version.

