My whole family really enjoyed this recipe!! Its very yummy!! The younger ones put syrup on top to make it even sweeter.

It has a very pungent taste that wasn't very pleasing. I assume it is an acquired taste, but my family and I disliked it.

I also added a bit around half a teaspoon of blossom water. The recipe overall was very easy to follow !!

Very tasty and nice flavor

This reminded me of corn bread. I forgot to add the pine nuts but I will make this in place of cornbread in the future.

Just OK.  Flavour is a bit bland. Instead of pine nuts try topping the cake with toasted sesame seeds.

It's delish. The reason why some people may not like it is because semolina is a very distinct taste that not everyone will love. But- many people will love it. Egg-free cakes are different, but that's what makes them unique!

Try it, and you probably won't regret it!

I was looking for a "birthday" cake that wouldn't be too sweet and didn't need icing.  We cook with turmeric all the time, especially in soups and in various foods over rice.  What a pleasant and tasteful surprise!  I did include some extra ingredients though. I added more pine nuts in and on top of the cake, a little rose water to the ingredients, and when the cake cooled, I dusted the cake with a little confectioner sugar--to look a slight more festive without being too sweet!

We loved it! I don't find turmeric pungent in any bad way at all, probably because I like exotic dishes. I actually made a mistake in using a different kind of flour because our supermarket does not have semolina flour, so the end product is not much cake-ish haha But I love the taste. My 5-year-old daughter helped me bake it and she loved the taste and smell too. I am going to bake it again! :D

had to make this when i saw the name. several times a day my hungry 15mo runs up to me saying "foof!" it's different in a mild, pleasant way. the whole family enjoyed it drizzled with maple syrup. i think we'll make it again.

I use fine semolina and no milk. Turns out perfect. I add sesame seeds on top instead of pine nuts

