I was hesitant to make this recipe cause it wasnt reveiwed by anyone yet and i never cooked lamb before but i was so glad i tried it. It was soooo good. I had to make the marinade twice cause the first time i made it, it was way to hot and i actually like to eat hot things. So the second time i made it i reduced the cayanne pepper to 1/8tsp and it was perfect. I also tried the lamb 12hrs in the marinade and then 24 and definately the 24hrs was best.

I added the tablespoon of salt without thinking and immediately regretted it. But I have to say, the end result was not overly salty. The recipe is good but next time I would cut the lamb into chunks and grill them on skewers. I made the pieces to flat and they were immediately overcooked. Plus, it grilling would have preventing them from almost steaming in the grease that came out of them as they sat cooking in the pan. I would also cut back the salt to 1 teaspoon. Not sure why the salt content is so high unless it's for tenderizing, which didn't work for me since I overcooked the pork. I'd try it again tho

I used this marinade to make lamb chops and WOW was it great! I marinated them for 2 days and then grilled them until they were medium rare. Served with naan, hummus and Greek salad. Definitely will be using this marinade again. Thank you for sharing!

I made a few changes as it was a slow roast lamb shoulder

I made this with a pressure cooker instead of marinating it. It was wonderful!

I added a bit of garlic and it was just perfect!

Great flavor, though I changed the method a bit.  I Threw the onion and garlic in a blender cup till smooth before adding it to the marinate and skipped the water. Then, rather than manage the little strips in a skillet, I greased some cookie sheets (make sure they are the kind with a lip all around) and put them under the broiler one sheet at a time. I served in wraps with fried onions and bell peppers and topped with greek yogurt.

Had left over Lamb shawarma from a restaurant. Made the sauce and put it over the meat for a few hours. Warmed it and it was fantastic. Plan on using the "sauce" for other left over meats. We needed a sauce to cut calories and fat and this was it!

We did eat this but not a meal I plan to make again. Just tasted different and wasn't for us I guess.

Wonderful marinade! I used 3 lbs of beef and 3 lbs of leg of lamb in separate ziplocks, doubled marinade recipe and let sit 24 hours. Cooked on my George Forman grill. Everyone raved about this.

I absolutely loved this. Basically cooked it exactly as written. I marinated for about 20 hours. Next time I make it I won't use as much cayenne, but that's just preference.

