My husband and I really loved it!  I subbed chicken broth for vegi (what I had on hand).  I subbed 2 heaping serving spoons of petite diced tomatoes for the tomato.  Next time, I think I will just use 1 15oz can of petite diced tomatoes  and reduce the water to 1 cup.  Excellent!

Very good, but I reduced the salt to 1 tsp. for lower sodium content.  Hubby said it is a “keeper”!

Very interesting flavor!  InstaPot was dirty so I made it on the stove.  Beef broth was all I had and still it was delicious!

I still found this lacked in flavor despite doubling the spices and even adding more cinnamon and allspice to it after serving.It was okay but I wouldn’t make it again.My gf liked it at first and said it was a keeper but then after having it for lunch the next day she said it did not agree with her and she disliked it in the end.Even so, thank you for sharing! ^_^

I made this. I did not serve it with the pita. We thought it was delicious.

I made this soup Not using an instapot and it came out wonderful.  I also substituted sweet potato for the Yukon potato.  Just saute all vegies and potato in the olive oil in a large pot, added spices sauteed a bit more, added lentils and water and stock and cooked until lentils were tender (20 minutes or so).  Added a squeeze of lemon into the individual servings... this soup was delicious!  When I reheated leftovers I added chopped fresh kale and let it wilt slightly.

Loved it.  Had red lentils I needed to use up.  Subbed canned diced tomatoes and added their juice for part of water.  Had to use chick broth, no veggie on hand.  Also added some pepper and 1 t. better than bouillon. Lemon really added flavor to it.  All lentil soups I have ever made use lemon juice or vinegar.

Delicious.  Did not add lemon to pot but gave slices to individuals to add to bowls if they wanted.  Also, used store bought pita chips.  Will definitely make again.

Delicious.  Did not add lemon to pot but gave slices to individuals to add to bowls if they wanted.  Also, used store bought pita chips.  Will definitely make again.

This was easy and delicious. I will definitely make again.

