Personally, this is one of my most favorite - eaten tartare. While I know raw meat can be dangerous, if you have the stomache, this dish is wonderful!! Raw or cooked.

My family liked these, but they were a lot of work. Not good for my busy life.

Kibbee or Kibbeh is a staple dish in my home. I love it and I have doubled the recipe (1 cup bulgur and 1 1/2 lb of ground beef), so I can have a 13 x 12 pan and have leftovers. Yes, I use ground beef because I learned from middle eastern families that it's ok using ground beef instead of lamb (I'm not much into lamb). So, if you don't like lamb, ground beef is perfectly fine. I squeeze the bulgur before mixing with the beef and spices, plus I add very fine chopped onion, garlic, parsley and mint. I process all the herbs and onion before adding to the meat. I usually mix with the hands, my food processor is small for all that volume. I usually bake uncovered for a minimum of 40 minutes, using the ratio of meat and bulgur above. It's a great recipe!

I liked the flavor. Rest of the family was not impressed. Texture not great. I think these would be better as a meatball- maybe fried. Ended up using it for spaghetti.

I made kibbee for years for my family using a recipe like this.  In a hurry once I cheated using a box of tabouli mix: 1 box prepared with the hot water, 1 lb. ground lamb, a little dried onions and a generous shake of dried mint.  Boom...kibbee.

I have been searching and searching for an authentic recipe for Kibbee, I am so happy to have found one that tastes like I remember. So obviously, I will be making this again. The only thing I changed was to increase the pine nuts to three tablespoons, instead of two, because I am crazy for pine nuts. I can hardly wait to make it again, and this one is going to be made many, many times over the summer. Thanks, Mike!

:)

Needs more salt and I added garlic. I halved the recipe for two and all other proportions were great.

We thought this had perfect flavors.  I forgot to buy bulgar so I used quinoa instead.  I thought I had pine nuts but realized I was out of them.  For tonight's dinner I mixed 1 lb of ground beef and 1 lb of lamb.  It turned out great!

Very easy to make and very tasty. Thank you

My family liked these, but they were a lot of work. Not good for my busy life.

