MMMmmm! This IS a classic Lebanese dip- We eat it with oven roasted chicken, dipping the pieces in it. I aslo make mine in the food processor and add mayonnaise instead of veg. oil. Its very addictive, and you will eat alot of it. Its garlic, but it sooo good- its worth the risk. Hint: chew fresh parsley after- it will kill bad breath

There was too much lemon juice. I think half a lemon would have been perfect. I had to add the whole bulb and more oil to try to try to tone down the lemon. I like my toum thicker so it was better after a couple of days in the fridge.

I used a food processer - added a little mayo- perfect

Delicious! Otherwise known as vampire sauce!

I cheat and do it in the spice grinder/ blender. Still turns out and creamy and garlicky. Add the lemon juice last.

it didn't work

Had this at a restaurant in LA, fantastic!  The waitress told me they used an ice cube(s) in their recipe, has anyone heard of this method?  Their dip was so light and fluffy.  I just made this and it is really good, but quite runny, not fluffy at all, any suggestions?

Worked well for us.  I blended this in my Magic Bullet.  I did add a bit of Safflower oil, which seemed to help thicken this mixture up. I only had to add a few tsps.

This is excellent. I used a food processor.  The key is constantly keep on blending while alternately adding the oil and lemon. Also make sure you add the oil in a very thin stream.  I used 2 cups of garlic and eyeballed the canola oil. If it is still watery, keep on blending. It will will look thick like mayonnaise. Love it!!!

I have been making this recipe for a long time now. We love it! You can adjust the garlic and lemon to your liking. I use a lot of garlic, and quite a bit of lemon, along with some kosher salt, and I make it in my food processor.  First, I mince the garlic by hand, then I process it with salt and lemon, slowly streaming the oil to emulsify. You can serve this with anything, meats, chicken, seafood, veggies, as a spread or dip. It is great just with pita bread. I also sometimes use the leftovers to make a salad dressing! Awesome!

I thought this was really thin. I normally use a scaled down version of the thick Lebanese sauce from this website. I wanted to test a different recipe this time. I used an emulsion blender instead of mortar in pestle, for ease. I think, this is best with all or half olive oil too. It did work well in a pinch for some red skin potatoes I steamed and grilled. They were kind of bland before adding this. I just had to tweak it some adding a little olive oil and adjusting the other ingredients to make the lemon juice a little less dominant. ty

