Being of Lebanese decent, I have had this all of my life.  I often add some or all of the following flavorings:  fresh, mashed or roasted mashed garlic, an envelope of Ranch dip powder, fresh herbs, scallions and minced sun-dried tomatoes.  I also use non-fat yogurt for a healthy snack.

This is good.  I actually drained it with coffee filters inside a mesh.  Obviously I used smaller amounts of yogurt :). Very versatile.

If your local store doesn't carry cheese cloth, look for "Sheer" curtains in the Curtain section of your dollar store. They're usually relatively cheap, and you can cut off a few feet at a time for things like this. 

Wash it before you use it though !

Used whole milk Greek yogurt!
Became our favorite!
Thanks for the easiest recipe!!!

So how does one stir in such a tiny amount of salt to so much yogurt?  Will that small amount make any difference?  How much sugar is in all this recipe?

I make this quite often and love it.  I use Greek Yogurt when I make mine.  Sometimes I just eat it plain and sometimes I add things to it, just depends on my mood at the time, ha!  I use a Cuisipro Donvier Yogurt Cheese Maker to make mine, you can find them on Amazon, just makes the whole process a bit neater.  Thanks for sharing the recipe!

Disappointing.  Too thick, and lacking tanginess. Will not make again.

This recipe is simple and easy, and labneh is a great gateway food to turn people an to middle eastern cuisine and flavors (cooks and diners alike).   I sometimes let the labneh drain for more than a day, up to 36 hours.  I like to serve it with oil and zaatar, or sometimes just salt and pepper.

Wonderful recipe!  First time making it or eating it.  I let mine drain in the fridge for about 30 hours to get it to a nice, cream cheese consistency and then I grated a bit of garlic into it, added chives and some salt (didn't salt it before) and it is fantastic.  Used cheese cloth because I had it on hand.  I can see this being very versatile and I can't wait to try it again.

Novice Cheese Maker - Follower for Life :)
I used the recipe to make our fav 7 Layer Mexican Dip after buying a bulk of yogurt on sale.  I combined it with caramelized onions before adding to dip - BINGO! No leftovers and everyone kept asking me what I had done differently.  I said coyly "Nuthin" buhahahahaha-my secret!  There were no leftovers for me to worry about, so I am wondering how long can this be refrigerated for on it's own? Thanks for sharing, you have a winner with this!

