Perfect!  I too, had the ultimate Lebabese cook, my uncle Tofee who made these from scratch.  This filling is identical to his.  I have cheated over the years and used GRANDS! biscuits, separated each one horzintally, and pressed into a muffin tin.  I then scoop 1/4 c. of the mixture in to each and bake acc't to buscuit label.  I LOVE to idea of puff pastry.  Nice variation.

I followed the directions and thought they were just okay.

Great little pies! My granddaughter calls them Sweeny Todd pies! She just read the book. They came out beautiful too I use Grands ? biscuit dough and the work out fine. They may look a bit brown , I think its the egg wash. Great with coffee

so simple to make.  I didn't cut the puff pastry into rounds.  I just cut them into squares and folded over to make triangular shaped.  This worked just as well and saved time having to roll out and cut.  also was not left with any scraps.  I didn't use pine nuts because they are so expensive, so used ground almond instead.  I did bump up the spice a little bit and added some allspice also.  These present well, and go over very quickly with great reviews from all.  thanks for the easy recipe.

It was great and well received at our party . Just added some  cavenders’s Greek spice and a lil garlic to meat.... 
perfect! Thanks so much for sharing this great recipe

I followed the recipe exactly and would definitely make again.

This recipe was so easy and tasted great! I will definitely make it again!

We really love this. I've had to start using gluten free puff pastry, but that's fine. It's still tasty.

used mostly lamb meat cause that's how the package was sold, used Sazon instead of pepper & salt. Couldn't use the cinnamon cause of food allergy but mostly it tasted very good. Ingredients were extremely expensive-$15.

delicious!!! Will make again!! Follow the recipe exactly!! Just need to learn to roll better next time!!

Growing up Lebanese/Syrian....the only thing that will work for me is pita bread

