I made this soup exactly according to the directions. It was vibrant and flavorful and provided a healthy way to use up my collard greens. Although my husband and I both enjoyed it, I do think the recipe needs tweaking. The lemon juice really overpowered the other flavors in the soup (this could be because I used freshly-squeezed juice), so next time I will start with 2 tablespoons and increase to taste.  I will also sautee the garlic with the onions, which I think will give it a rounder, more complex taste.  Finally, the consistency was a little watery for me, so I'll cut down on the water by 25% or so next time.  All in all, very good with a few adjustments.

This recipe tastes better fresh than as leftover.  It is just okay.  Wasn't big on the cinnamon taste.

Based on other reviews, I worried that this would not have enough flavor and would be too runny. Consequently, I used veggie broth instead of water, used 2 cups of red lentils instead of just one, and added the garlic and spices at the beginning with the onions. And I skipped the cinnamon...so I realize I didn't really follow the original recipe but these tweaks made a delicous soup!

I love this soup, but prefer it sweeter by leaving out the lemon juice at the end. I like to cook it until the red lentils fall apart so it has more of a pea soup consistency, but you do need to watch it and stir to prevent sticking and burning toward the end. I buy Duru brand, tiny split red lentils at a local Lebanese market...better quality and flavor than generic ones. I cut the spices in half but leave the garlic full amount. This is regular in our house. Freezes well...1 cup containers make it easy to heat up when you don't feel like cooking, but still want decent nutrition.

This was very tasty when I made it. I used frozen collards and used a bit too much so it wasn't that soupy.  Easy fix for next time!

I'm stymied.  Who got that lovely lemony-looking picture?  I'm glad I halved the recipe, followed all original directions except for cooking 1/2 garlic with onion, other 1/2 with collards .  My effort looks like the other dishwater entries.  Taste-wise?  Well, I can't say I know what dishwater tastes like, but this serves the imagination well.

This was so awesome, I don't even know what to say except thanks very much for sharing! Tired of the same old greens recipes with bacon or ham. I made this in the Instant Pot. I skipped most of the steps. Browned the onions, then tossed in the garlic, then the spices. After frying the spices for a minute, threw in the rest, and pressure cooked for 15 mins. Made more of a stew, and was totally awesome!!! I joined allrecipes just to comment on this dish. Really quick dish to fix, put it over rice. This one is a keeper! I thought the spice combo was a little weird when I read it, but it totally works!

I've made this soup about 8 times, and it's become an easy staple favorite. The main difference I've made is to add less water or more lentils for personal preference. I also put in less lemon juice and a little coriander and pepper flakes. Highly recommend!

So comforting and delicious! I added greek yogurt and blanched peanuts to the top.  Making this again!

This soup was so easy, quick and delicious! My store was out of collard greens.  I used kale instead.  So Good!

The flavor or of this soup is definitely not for me. I only ate a few spoonfuls and couldn6bring myself to eat any more of it. I think it was the cinnamon with the cumin that did it. Won't  make that seasoning mistake again.

