This is my "secret recipe" for perfectly seasoned, perfectly juicy hamburgers.  Everyone that tries them asks what's in them, but I never tell!  They taste just as good made on the stove top with a grill pan, and they're ready in a snap.  Awesome recipe!

I made this for me and my son, since my fiance is allergic to cinnamon, and I think I could have still gave it to him and he wouldn't have even known that there was cinnamon in it! After having this dish at a Mediterranean restaurant, I was dying to try it at home and I was very dissappointed in this recipe. I was expecting a very flavorful meat with a nice fresh taste from all the fresh parsley but it just tasted like plain ground beef with a hint of allspice and a little kick from the cayenne. I felt like it was missing something, or a lot of things. It wasn't horrible, just not what I was hoping for and I will definately not use this recipe again.

This was really good, but I would have loved a touch more flavor from the spices, as well as a bit more salt, so I will double those next time.  Easy to make and delicious on the grill. Kafta kabobs are one of my go-to meals when I go to Lebanese restaurants.  10 mins was a little overcooked for my tastes (the stated 15 minutes would cause the meat to be quite dry), so next time I’ll try 8. Time saving tip: chop the onion and parsley together in a food processor.

I left out the cayenne pepper and formed the meat into hamburger shapes. Everyone loved it. Nice change from plain burgers. Served with stuffed grape leaves and tabbouleh.

I made this for hamburgers. 

We loved it.

good w/ rice, hummus, salad

Delicious! I made this last night and, as other reviewers suggested, I doubled the amount of allspice. I also used chili pepper since I didn't have any cayenne pepper. Made little patties and cooked them on the stovetop. Juicy and full of flavor! Currently on the whole30 so I couldn't make any yogurt sauce BUT topped them with garlic hummus and called it a win.

Incredible!  Relatively messy mixing up all the ingredients, specifically chopping up the parsley and onion (used a red onion so I cried throughout the entire process), but wow!  Really good!  100% will make this again.

I made this exactly as written and my family loves it! It's a dish that's requested often by everyone.

The flavor was very good, but mine came out dry,  probably from overcooking them. The left overs were heated up and 
served with a tomato based salad dressing. Then they were delicious. Somehow, this recipe screamed for adding a tomato sauce or ketchup.

Decided to try this, and used 1/2 ground lamb and 1/2 ground beef.  It discovered halfway into making it that I did not have allspice.  Instead of manually combining cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg as a substitute for the allspice, I had Trader Joe's Pumpkin Pie Spice in my cupboard, and noticed the only additional ingredients were ginger and lemon, so I decided to try using that instead.  I also used a manual chopper and instead of grating the onion, I chopped them into a very fine mince.  Worked great on the bamboo skewers.  These were delicious, but needed just a tad more spice to feel like a truly ethnic dish.  I'll probably up the cayenne and will play around with the spice a bit in the future, but this is a great basic recipe worth repeating.  I served with homemade yogurt/dill sauce, which really complimented the flavors well.

