This soup is absolutely exquisite!!! I made it for my family last night and not a single drop was left in the pot. It is hearty and very very rich!

I call shenanigans! The soup is delicious, but that step at the end where you add butter/flour is completely incorrect. This is the basis for any béchamel sauce or gravy, but a cup of flour will NOT be incorporated into 1/4c of any fat. The ratio is normally 1 T fat (butter) to 1 T flour to 1 cup liquid. When mixed this way the "paste" will not take on any more flour than about a half a cup and even then it starts separating and turning into crumbles and will not blend into the soup without creating lumps. I tried this as written, even though I knew it wouldn't work and I am right. Even with a half a cup of flour, I had to add 2 cups of water, take it off the stove, use a stick blender to smooth the lumps, and then added maybe 1/4 of that into the soup. If you want to add this step, and it does add a lusciousness that elevates it from the standard lentil soup, I suggest 2 T butter and 2 T flour. If you toast the flour in the pan over medium heat while stirring before adding the butter, you'll cut down on time and have a better product. 

But again, the soup itself is really tasty and has the perfect amount of spice. I used both french and brown lentils and added a half cup of chives and extra parsley since I'll soon lose my fresh herbs to frost.

I modified it a bit because I didn't have all ingredients but it turned out great.  I think I'll plan ahead next time and get all the items because I think that would only make it better.  Made 8 Cups.

Our family loved this; and yes, cut down the flour!

Great soup.
I decided I liked it as is before the butter and flour so did not add them.   I used a mixture of brown and green lentils  due to what was on hand.     I made a homemade taziki to have with it.
I also did not have parsley so omitted it.

I loved this soup !!

I thought it was great. I inadvertently made it with split peas, though, because I didn't have green lentils on hand and forgot what they looked like(I haven't cooked with them much LOL). Still came out fantastic.

I will definitely make this again. I made one minor change with respect to recipe ingredients. Instead of 6 cups of water I used 4 cups of vegetable broth and 2 cups of water. Not a big deal. The rest I kept the same. 

I did make two other variations with respect to cooking and thickening.  I wanted to try this recipe in my Instant Pot. I cooked it on manual for 15 minutes (but it took close to 15 minutes to build up the pressure before the cooking started) and then I gave it another 15 minutes of resting before releasing the steam. Please for one second (kinda wet) then release for the remainder of the time. The overall cook time was 45 minutes or half of what was recommended.

As for thickening, I skipped the flour (optional) and the butter (optional), and used an immersion blender to thicken the soup. It was wonderful!

I added more broth, and used vegetable broth instead of water. Love this soup so much. Use lots of lemon!

Enjoyed the flavor and easy to make.

I liked it, but probably would reduce the amount of pepper the next time.  It was a little too spicy for my taste.  I also cut down significantly on the amount of butter and flour blended in at the end, based on other reviews.

