So good! It is well worth your time to make the rosewater yourself (i just put an oversized lid ontop of the boiling rose petals and let the steam condense and drip into a container) the pistachios(i used fresh and crushed myself) go very well with the real whipped cream. A very delicious light recipe that is worth all the work!

I used 1 can of coconut cream, 1 can of coconut milk, and water instead of milk since I'm allergic to dairy. I topped it with a mixture of diced dried apricots and pineapple, craisins, golden raisins, orange zest, and slivered almonds. I added a teaspoon of vanilla and half a teaspoon of orange extract to the syrup. Because of these additions, the dish has a bright flavor and appearance. It's delicious!

Amazing.  The saltiness of the pistachios pairs perfectly with the sweetness of the caramel and adds a perfect texture balance.

I love this layered dish and I serve the syrup on the side so people can put a little or a lot.

I made this recipe several time and everytime it was perfect. I did not add the cream as the recipe is already rich. I even left the milk out of the fridge for over 12 hours, the recipe came out PERFECT.

I loved this recipe but I changed the bottom layer - 6c cold milk, 1 c semolina & 1/3 c of sugar as soon as they boil i take it off the heat & add mistika and pour it into dishes. I made the same syrup and topping. It's so delicious & light. I made it for my son's birthday.

All loved this treat, but because my husband said he has tasted better, I gave it 4 stars.  very easy to make!

so I was excited to find this recipe and made it..but It came out very thick??  Not like a pudding at all??  Did I do something wrong? It tasted good, however thick like a custard?  Is that how it suppose to be?

so good me my kids and my husband loved it, the only thing i added is that i covered the bottom of the dish with cookies before pouring the mixture on top of it, it turned out so good.

I looove this recipe. Layali Libnan is very easy and great to bring to parties and gatherings. I'm going to make this for again. Thanks Laila!!

