This is my favorite soup, it is the most delicious soup ever! My mom neighbor used to make this for me all the time and I always wondered how it is made. Now I have found this recipe. It is tried and true, easy and very hearty, thank you for sharing this!

Pretty good.  Next time, go light on the potatoes.  I only used 1/4 cup lemon juice.

Unique, flavorful, and healthy comfort food!

I used the whole bag 16oz of Lentils instead of (1) cup (2) bushels of chard (1) red & (1) yellow sliced thin! Recipe was perfect & it was delicious!😋

Followed recipe as written.  Only addition was red pepper flakes at end.  Delicious way to use lemon and chard!

Really good!  I kind of over-shot on the Swiss chard amount, but that doesn’t seem to be hurting anything.

Shockingly delicious.  Tastes so much better thank you'd think by looking at it.  The lemon really brightens it.  I used waxy potatoes, which I recommend because they hold their shape well in soups.  I also added some yellow summer squash, which was a good mix.  Cooked this down longer so that the lentils started to break down and the soup thickened up a bit.  This freezes extremely well, and I never want to be without some of it on hand.

I had my doubts about using water instead of broth, but I tried this as written. I found it incredibly bland, even after adding more olive oil and salt than I would usually . 

I am salvaging this by scooping out the veggies and serving as a side dish.

This was very good but I would definitely put less lemon next time. About 1/2 the amount. I also used less than 1/2 the oil and it was definitely enough. Same thing for the potatoes...about 3 vs. 4. I like things lemony but the full amount was overwhelming to me. Overall though, this was a great soup with the above changes for my taste. Easy and pretty quick to make. Healthy too. Thanks for the recipe.

I have made this exactly as written and it is superb! I froze beet greens this year as well as chard. I decided to use the beet greens and it is delicious! All the elders we cook for love this recipe. Thanks

Very good but too much lemon, in my opinion. One cup is about four lemons worth of juice. I suggest starting with one and adding more according to taste. Also suggest using a quality olive oil—it adds a ton of flavor.

