As a recipe's first reviewer, one can sometimes be in unfamiliar territory without the benefit of others' remarks. As this recipe's first reviewer, that wasn't an issue for me.  While this is called a Lebanese Bean Salad, it could just as easily be called an Italian Bean Salad, for the ingredients, the flavors,  are the same.  I knew I'd love it! In my mind you just can't go wrong with the light dressing of olive oil and lemon.  (Tho' I could take or leave the fava beans, personally)

Delicious & easy. Light & refreshing taste. The only change was using red beans instead of white & only for color contrast.

LOVE IT! I ate too much lol. Fast easy and healthy. I had to sub lima beans for fava beans. This might become a regular.

Great Salad!  I made it with 4 cans of all white beans: 2 cannellini, garbanzo, great northern.  There was plenty of dressing for 4 cans.  Very tasty!  This is my go-to summer salad.

Delicious and easy to make.  i omitted the parsley and added finely chopped green peppers, celery and sweet onion. I make this at the start of the week and take some for lunch daily.  Such an easy addition, filling with lots of lean protein and fibre.  :)

So went to make this recipe. Thought for sure that I had some frozen fava   beans,  I did not, but what I did have was a can of spicy boiled peanuts  (  that I bought on a whim because I’ve never had boiled peanuts before ),  I thought, “what the hay,  I should add these to the dish in place of Fava  beans.”  This dish was so good and the boil peanuts just added a bit of a textual element with some heat. Next time I make this recipe I will make it according to directions using the fava beans, but I will be adding a bit of red chilies for heat. I do think that this is a keeper. And if I ever come across boiled peanuts again I am sure to pick up a can, they too, were delicious although a bit tedious getting them all out of the shells .

So easy and delicious! But I have to tell you my short cut. I used the Lebanese Lemon Salad Dressing for the dressing on the beans, which I already had made up in the refrigerator. 

Thanks for a quick and healthy recipe.

A great salad for fresh fava beans I just bought at the farmers' market.  I made this recipe with the juice of one lime instead of a lemon, and I used dried parsley instead of fresh.  The fava, garbanzo, and Great Northern beans were a nice combination, and the overall flavor was simple and delicious.

It is a nice light, fresh alternative to other bean salads.

Very nice salad! I accidentally forgot the olive oil, and it was still delicious.  Next time I'll include the olive oil! ??

