Enjoyed these potatoes very much.  Instead of deep frying potatoes, I baked them in the oven then added them to the skillet with cilantro and garlic mixture.

very bland.  i thought the cilantro would make a big difference but it did not.  if i tried this recipe again, i would bake the patatoes and let the seasons meld during the baking.  otherwise, it just was not very good.  i found myself pouring salt on them to liven up the flavors.  it didn't work.

Loved it!

I really liked the sound of this recipe. After reading through it, I decided to scale it back and change the cooking process without compromising the dish. My first step was to fry the potatoes in a skillet using about 3-4 Tbsp. of vegetable oil.  Once cooked, I removed the potatoes with a slotted spoon and then sauteed the cilantro and garlic in the remaining oil, following the recipe  directions from that point on.  Great recipe and will definitely make again.

This was a very tasty recipe. I had to eventually hide them because everyone was picking on them and I wouldn't have had any left over for supper. Thank you for a quick, devine recipe.

This was a very tasty recipe. I had to eventually hide them because everyone was picking on them and I wouldn't have had any left over for supper. Thank you for a quick, devine recipe.

These were very tasty! It seemed like a lot of cilantro, and I was tempted to use less, but it cooked down to a lot less, and was the perfect amount. I also baked the potatoes, adding a bit of butter to the baking sheet. I fried the cilantro and garlic in about 2 Tbsp. butter. Will make these again!

I had really wanted this to be something different but was disappointed. Since I did take advice of others & didn't deep fry the potatoes I thought I'd give it another chance, but hubby said just delete it. He couldn't figure out why the cilantro was put in before the potatoes because he couldn't taste it at all. It was worth a try, but I'd deep fry the potatoes as stated because maybe this would taste better.

I suck at cooking and was able to not ruin it. Tasted great and very easy to make.

I loved these! Husband thought they were good, not great. He thought they were too much like home fries. I baked the potatoes at 400 for 25-30 minutes. I cut back on the cilantro after reading the reviews, but I would have wanted more so will try it with the amount as written. I'd easily make them for company, maybe paired with the "Pan-Seared Chicken Breasts with Shallots" from this site.

Simple, yet very tasty.  I baked them instead of frying.  Added a little more garlic, salt, and pepper.

