This dessert was so delicious, one of my friends asked me to make it for his birthday instead of cake! I used more tahini than originally called for (about 1/4 cup instead of 1 tbsp) because I had trouble getting the paste to spread far enough on the bottom of the dish, and I only used about half the syrup in the end. The dessert was deliciously nutty and had a nice moist, slightly grainy texture without being too sticky.

All I can taste is sugar! I even did the syrup a bit different with less sugar. I made it out of one and a half cups sugar, one cup water, one teaspoon lemon juice, one teaspoon rose water, and a tiny touch of orange peel (I got this from another recipe because I knew I would like less sugar and I did not have orange flower water on hand). I had to boil the simple syrup a bit longer than stated in order to get it syrupy enough. Maybe the orange flower water would have added a different taste, but I still wouldn't be able to eat it because the sweetness level made me feel a little sick. As a matter of fact, I couldn't get anyone to eat it.  Also, I greased my foil extremely well, but had the hardest time getting it to unstick both from the pan and the cake. The one positive was that the pieces were very attractive and the texture was good.Thanks for letting me try out a new recipe (and using up my farina and yogurt)!

This is really sweet!  The next time I make it I plan to reduce the sugar, and increase the orange flower water.  It did seem a little less sweet the day after I made it, so maybe you just need to let it sit a bit.

Delicious! Actually, the ingredients are not expensive at all, I found everything at a middle eastern halal market. Thank you Basboos :)

This is The authentic version. Loved it. Thank you for posting it on ALLRECECIPES

This dessert was so delicious, one of my friends asked me to make it for his birthday instead of cake! I used more tahini than originally called for (about 1/4 cup instead of 1 tbsp) because I had trouble getting the paste to spread far enough on the bottom of the dish, and I only used about half the syrup in the end. The dessert was deliciously nutty and had a nice moist, slightly grainy texture without being too sticky.

