I was surprised to find a recipe for kibbeh here... it's very similar to my recipe which is also very popular in Brazil. I finally found bulgur CAN be found here and the first thing I made was kibbeh. My recipe takes toasted pine nuts (about 1/2 cup) mixed in and you can place the whole mixture in a 9x13 baking pan (foil or glass) and bake it at 350F for 30/35 minutes. It's very popular to serve this way as well. I use to make a little vinaigrette to serve on the side: diced tomatoes, cucumbers, chopped parsley, some hot pepper drops and chopped parsley. My husband fell in love with it and the next time we'll make patties and grill the kibbeh. Thanks for posting, I'm sure everybody will enjoy this dish very much.

Being Lebanese and this one of our national dish, we use fine burghul and we add some ground marjoram to the meat mixture.... And we serve it with youghurt mixed with chopped cucumber or green salad.

Serve it with plain yogourt or tabouleh. I am Syrian-Lebanese and have never put tahine on my kibbeh whether it's raw or cooked.

My grandparents, aunts, uncles, etc all came from Lebanon 🇱🇧 I grew up eating kibbeh and my favorite part is the pine nut filling in between the top and bottom layers if you’re baking it. If you’re balling it up and frying it then the pine nuts go in the middle so that when you bite into it you get a mouthful of pine nuts. I was surprised to see this recipe did not have pine nuts. It’s not really authentic Lebanese cuisine without that critical step in the process.

I made this dish gluten free by substituting hemp seeds for the bulgur. We served it with chopped cucumber and tomato salad, GF pitas, hummus and lemon dill sauce. It was absolutely delicious and a new family favorite.

Yes I just made made them into patties,put cream cheese in the middle of them.Cooked them for 5 minutes on each side and put a lid on them.Also I'd cut down on the pepper just a little next time.Thankd for the recipe.
Rachel

Followed recipe with exception of lamb. Used meat substitute - it was delicious, vegetarian and vegan!

Followed recipe with exception of lamb. Used meat substitute - it was delicious, vegetarian and vegan!

This was so very good.  I didn’t change a thing, shaped into patties and baked them.  The flavours were exquisite!  I served them with some pita bread, hummus, tabouleh, fresh yogurt and cucumbers and a green salad.  A wonderful quick meal and so healthy!

This kibbeh came out moist and delicious. I was very happy that it was so easy to make! The only changes I made was to increase the allspice and cumin to 1 1/2 teaspoons and then I added 1 teaspoon of cinnamon. I baked it rather than to fry it. Absolutely delicious! Thank you for posting Ron!!!

I didn't have bulgar so used couscous.  It was still very delicious.  I made a simple samosa pastry and baked them with peas.
It was a hit in my kitchen!

