Although there is a rustic simplicity to Dash’s Donair recipe on this website, this version of donair is much more satisfying, so I’m surprised more people haven’t tried/reviewed it. The marinade adds a lot of body and flavor, making the beef especially tasty. I only make a few minor changes: 1) Surprisingly, I think whole wheat pita complements the dish better 2) I serve with lettuce, tomatoes and onions so family members can make their own sandwiches and 3) for the sauces, although I like hummus, I think it takes away from the flavor of the meat in this dish. I also remove the tomatoes from the parsley sauce because I serve with fresh tomatoes. This makes the parsley sauce stronger, but nestled among the meat and veggies, it doesn’t overwhelm. (As a side note, I usually have a lot of the parsley sauce left. Instead of throwing it away, I recycle it into another dish.  I cut large tomatoes in half – the hothouse/jersey variety – spread the tops of the tomatoes with a large spoonful of the parsley sauce and bake/broil in the toaster oven for 30 minutes. It makes for an interesting twist on the tomato/pesto side dish that goes well with a lot of meat/chicken meals.) I enjoy this recipe for lunch or as a light dinner, but it is particularly in demand with the menfolk during football season.

We will try this one more time but the first time not so good.  Individually, most was good - the parsley mix was fantastic and light.  The marinated meat was delicious after cooking BUT my Tahini "dressing" didn't turn out at all.  I have worked with Tahini MANY times so I am quite familiar with it.  My "dressing" after following the recipe to a T was a paste.  We had to spread it on the flatbread with a knife and then the meat, parsley mixture and tomatoes.  Not sure what happened as I followed the directions.  Oh well, we will try again and if more successful will definitely update.

A pretty good recipe with a bunch of delicious flavors! I would say it tastes pretty authentic and homemade. However, I would strongly consider seasoning the meat directly, and maybe more strongly.

This was delicious. I was a little concerned making it because “some people” in my family don’t really like trying new things. But everyone loved it and there were no leftovers! I think the meat was a little overcooked, making it tough, so we’ll try it again cooking for only 30 min. We used.a round roast sliced thinly, not the best cut of meat.

This recipe was easy and I did not change a thing.

The overall end result was really good.  The tahini sauce and parsley mixture really saved the day to cover up the flavor of the marinade.  I did not love the meat marinade.  I think I cinnamon and allspice are just not something I am used to on meat.  I will definitely make the whole thing with the sauce, parsley mixture, and beef all in a pita again, but will do a different marinade.

Great recipe. I used blood orange olive oil in place of the olive oil for the marinade. Loved it!  Temecula olive oil company sells the blood orange olive oil online and in their stores it’s so good and makes great salad dressing too. Using Myer lemons t

It was delicious and strong. I will eat it for leftovers one more time and then I won't want to make it again for a while.  The flavors hung out in the bitter / sour area. 

I forgot to buy parsley, so I didn't use that. I also toasted my sesame seeds a little too long, so the tahini was more bitter than it should've been.  

But the meat was absolutely amazing. Good heavens. I used bottom round,  I think.

I will try to make it correctly next time. Even with this miffed attempt, it was awesome!

Had rave reviews.  The only ingredient I did not have was the cardamon but it was still delicious.  I used a bottom round that I was going to use for a roast.  I froze it for a couple hours to make it easier to slice super thin.  Marinated it for 24 hours.

Oh my god this is insane!!! What have you done?? With 50 minutes of cooking time the meat was overcooked, but wow it was soooooo good still. I actually dreamt about how good it was in the following days.

My husband and I made these and they are great! We followed the recipe
exactly and loved the results! Will be making again very soon!

