This was excellent! I actually toasted the pita rounds and cut them into fours. we piled the fattoush on top and used the pitas as scoops. It was wonderful! Some Fattoush is more 'simple' in its ingredients, but I feel this one was very good and each ingredient complimented another in its own way. I recommend giving it a try!

This recipe has a lot of extra ingredients, some of which made the salad too bitter (ie. cabbage).  My husband is Lebanese and I have never had Fattoush with this many ingredients. It's also missing a few key ingredients from other recipes (ie. sumac, salt, etc.) Keep it simpler - much tastier in the "Authentic" version!  I would stick with the Authentic Lebanese Fattoush on this website.

My husband and I really really enjoyed this Fattoush! I cannot speak to authenticity or anything like that--but I can say that it was delicious, and so, so fresh! I made a few changes based on what I could find from the store, and what I had on hand. I could not find pomegranate syrup or molasses at any of my local stores; so I bought 100% pomegranate juice and boiled it down to a syrupy consistency as a substitute. That worked fantastic! It was sweet, tart, and very fruit-forward! I also used frozen corn that I quickly sauteed alongside the garlic before adding to the salad. Finally, I simply toasted my pita in a skillet until browned, then cut it into wedges. The rest of the salad I kept the same--and it was wonderful! Thank you for the recipe! I can't wait to make this again with fresh veggies from my garden!

This was excellent! I actually toasted the pita rounds and cut them into fours. we piled the fattoush on top and used the pitas as scoops. It was wonderful! Some Fattoush is more 'simple' in its ingredients, but I feel this one was very good and each ingredient complimented another in its own way. I recommend giving it a try!

This recipe was modified by the allrecipes staff at the submitter's request on 8/05/2009.

This recipe has a lot of extra ingredients, some of which made the salad too bitter (ie. cabbage).  My husband is Lebanese and I have never had Fattoush with this many ingredients. It's also missing a few key ingredients from other recipes (ie. sumac, salt, etc.) Keep it simpler - much tastier in the "Authentic" version!  I would stick with the Authentic Lebanese Fattoush on this website.

Would be excellent if you omit the following: the cabbage, the red pepper, the carrots, the corn, the parsley.

ive used fresh vegetables and didnt ommit any of the ingrediants coz each gives meaning to the other
NEVER USE dried garlic and parsley and store-bought salad, THIS SALAD IS ALL ABOUT BEING "FRESH"

I started with a store-bought salad mix and added many of the remaining ingredients that I had on hand, like canned corn and dried garlic and parsley.

Healthy, fresh, delicious! I did not use the mint leaves or corn. I served the salad in the outside of the cabbage (very bowl shaped!)

