This is a very good base hummus recipe.  It has a good texture and some flavor.  Because I like lots of flavor, I would probably add additional garlic and maybe some cayenne, but that is just personal preference.  You can't go wrong with this recipe and then you can tweak it with additional seasoning from there.

Good basic recipe I think water takes away from the flavor so the second time I made it I used the juice from the garbanzo beans. That helps with the flavor issue.  I also added a touch of salt and used two cloves of garlic instead of 3 as the flavor intensifies as the hummus sits, and I love garlic.

This is a great recipe. I toasted whole sesame seeds and then put them in a spice grinder until they were smooth. I added a pinch of smoked chipotle powder. I also had home grown beets which I cubed (to make 1/3 cup) and roasted with a few garlic cloves and olive oil. Really delicious and a hit at a party.

OMG this is wonderful! I have never really cared for hummus because it is so bland. My sister is going through chemo and her iron dropped dangerously low. Her Dr. gave a few food suggestions to help bump up her iron or she would need a blood transfusion. I read that homemade hummus is nothing like store bought and boy is that the truth!!! Loaded with iron and many good victims and minerals! Love it! With this recipe you could go anywhere with the flavors you like!

I used the jar liquid for thinning and 4 large cloves of roasted garlic. I followed the recipe, but didn’t add parsley or any seasoning except salt. Delicious and very easy! I will try roasted red pepper in the next batch.

This is my 2nd time making it and I haven’t changed anything yet!

Very good. Didn't have tahini so I used 1 tbsp sesame seed oil.

It's pretty bland, as written, to my taste buds. I quadrupled (maybe 4x +) the garlic, doubled the salt & lemon juice and added some onion powder. I love it, and my family is thrilled.

Great flavour, used 1/4 cup of reserved garbanzo bean fluid instead of water. Added additional tbsp of lemon juice and tahini. Nice texture and mild.

This was delicious! I made sure to remove the hulls from the canned garbanzo beans. I followed the recipe as written, including fresh parsley, 2 garlic cloves, 2Tbs of the canned liquid instead of water, and the optional cumin. I  found it a little dry and added 2 more Tbs of liquid. It was fine as is, but I played around later with half,  and added 2 smoked papika olives and a little of that liquid, and then about a Tbs of sun-dried tomatoes and blended again.  Outstanding! Over the top. This is a great base recipe!

I thought suggestions for using water from the garbanzo beans was a good idea, so went that route for added flavor.  I used reduce sodium beans, and being from the South, added about a teaspoon or so of Tony Chachere's (Cajun seasoning) and a couple tablespoons of chopped pimentos.  Good stuff!  Parmesan was another good addition.

