I have always been fond of lamb shawarma but now after trying this version with chicken I like it equally. Some folks may not know what "mixed spice" is- not to be confused with pumpkin pie spice. My tried and true Lebanese mixed spice is as follows: In small bowl stir together 1/4 tsp. powdered allspice, 1 tsp. black pepper, 2 tsp. cinnamon, 1/4 tsp. ground  cloves, 1/4 tsp. nutmeg, 1 tsp. fenugreek and 2 tsp. powdered ginger. You can adjust the proportions to your preference. The spices must then be ground together in either a clean coffee mill or a pestle and mortar. All of these spices are readily available in health food/ethnic food stores or any grocer that sells herbs and spices in bulk. Thank you for sharing your version of a truly delicious dish.

First, let me say I love shawarmas. I've had them in many restaurants and even had them in Israel. This tasted nothing like any shawarma I've ever had. I'm not particularly a big fan of hummus so the sauce in this meal really turned me off and infact made me gag.  Besides the sauce, the chicken came out great except for there was too much of something in the spices that over powered the entire flavor. If you want something interesting, try this. If you want shawarma, then don't.  Oh yeah, because we were over powered by some spice in this recipe, we had to drown it in BBQ sauce(blasphamy I know.)

Delicious recipe. BUT the chicken takes way longer than this recipe says. Like a good 30 minutes longer. Tasty and worth repeating nonetheless.

I had to adjust the sauce quite a bit because it was too sesame pasty to me.  I added more yogurt, lots more garlic and a small squirt of bbq sauce.  Once I had the the whole put together, this was quite good.  The chicken was very tasty.

I hate when people do not use weights for chicken, as the individual pieces can vary widely. I used 2 pounds. It's been so long since I had shawarma I cannot attest to this recipe's authenticity, but it was good! My OH is not a big fan of sour, so I halved the vinegar and lemon juice. The tahini sauce was very thick, so I added 3 T of water to make it saucier.

I stumbled across this recipe because I had some Naan bread that I wanted to use up.  Weird, right?  But that's how I roll!  So I had all of the ingredients except Tahini and plain yogurt so bought those just for this dish.  Am glad I did.  This was so flavorful, easy and a fun dish for an easy meal.  I had chicken breasts on hand so that is what I used.  My hubby had eaten this kind of food when he served in the military during VietNam.  He loved it and said it tasted almost exactly like the Shawarma he had over seas (except they used a lot of lamb). I thought it was very good but will use Pita bread next time...Naan gets a bit thick for this dish.

Was lovely. Served with some hummus and pita chips!

Nice change of pace for chicken

The tahini sauce was a gaggy paste. I learned later that if you add lemon juice you need to add water.

I don't know if it's authentic, but I think this recipe is delicious.

Absolutely delicious.

