I am originally from Brunei, which is close to Malaysia. The recipe is missing tumeric powder; it is a special occasion dish, which tastes better by the 2nd or 3rd day. Also, blanched almonds with the shredded coconuts helps with buildling the sauce. A tip on making Beef Rendang is to use a mortar and pestle to grind the spices, if you could find one. It takes longer to use mortar & pestle, but you can taste the difference when you use a food processor. Also, palm sugar is preferred to white sugar. Otherwise, the recipe is quite authentic. :)

This dish needs constant stirring or it'll get burnt at the bottom of the pot. I find it a bit too dry so had to add a little more water to it. Overall, it tastes good.

I liked this. I did use palm sugar over granular sugar. And my favourite kitchen tool is my mortar and pestle over a blender. I did notice someone commented it's dry so they added more water. Rendang is a dry curry. The curry coats the meat and is not gravy like. I'll make this again. Probably add more chilli next time.

this is so good! followed instructions minus the coconut and added tablespoon of turmeric,  coriander, fennel and cumin seeds.  definitely we be a recipe I will do again and again. thx for sharing!

FREDFROG, rendang is not exclusively Indonesian. There is the Malaysian version and Indonesian version. This recipe is the Malaysian version which has the toasted coconut. Indonesia rendang does not have it. Normally the shredded coconut is dry toasted and then pound/ground till the oils appear and it becomes pasty, called kerisik.

Truly blissful taste, came out delicious

I liked the flavor profiles here, next time I plan to cut the chilis down by half at least as this meal came out very spicy.

AMAZING recipe. I made it the first time without chili and it made the whole dish lack colour. So the next time I halved the amount of chilis. I also blended the coconut after roasting because I didn't like the harder coconut shreds in the dish, it distracted from the beef texture. I used packaged frozen lemon grass instead of fresh because I find fresh hard to work with is usually more expensive and harder to find. My beef of choice was 'chuck steak', recommended by the butcher for stews.  Finally, the MOST important thing about this dish is that you simmer it until the meat is tender! This actually took 5 hours on low simmer for me, not 1hr like the recipe suggests. The meat was still quite tough and chewy after the first hour for me. The final flavours were well worth it. I made this dish for my Singaporean friends and their families and it was definitely a big hit! The flavours are definitely better after the second or third day in the fridge. Serve over rice.

Tasted very comparable to the Rendang I had in Penang. I prepared and ate the next day with coconut sticky rice. The meat turned out not that tender perhaps I need to roast it a little less.

Error in recipe? Is the 2 cups of shredded coconut correct in this recipe? It's too much. Is it supposed to be ground/powder coconut?  Shredded coconut ruined the dish.  Used short ribs and had to simmer for 3 hours to develop flavour and tenderize the meat. Added turmeric and kaffir lime leaves. If it hadn't been for the coconut texture, the flavour after 3 hours was really good.

Overall is good but slightly too sweet for me so I'll use only 1 tbsp of sugar next time.  I used 2 cups of coconut milk & skip the water. I also add 2 tsp of turmeric powder.

