Delicious. I used some bottled Thai Chili Sauce instead of the paste and did pea pods instead of just peas. Used a touch more chili sauce than called for and left out the additional salt, but kept everything else the same. Definitely a keeper.

Not the best. It was really dry. The peas made it pretty gross, and I like peas. Sorry, but I won't be making this again

i didn't care for this meal - it was kind of bleh...i used sziracha instead of chili paste and it didnt have enough depth with the only other flavor being ketchup. the spinach gets lost with so many noodles so i added shrimp, orange pepper and pea pods instead of peas. the noodles were kind of soggy and stuck together too. and one package of noodles is way way too much for 4 people! my husband said I should actually give it 2 stars but i thought it tasted fine enough so i gave it 3....

My kids just polished this off without ONCE complaining about the spinach in it!  It's unbelievable!  THANK YOU!

I really liked it.U can as much water/stock as u want .mine wasn't dry at all,just a perfect balance of sweet and spicy.Thank you for the recipe

This was ok. It has a lot of potential though. The only changes I made were to use baby bok choi instead of spinach (I don't like the sludgy texture of spinach when it's cooked) plus I mixed some chili garlic sriracha into the Thai paste for some extra kick. I didn't really like the peas in this - if I were to make it again, I would use snow peas. This was a quick, easy and pretty healthy meal. It needs a few tweaks though.

Good recipe!  Only for those who like spicy.

Not the best. It was really dry. The peas made it pretty gross, and I like peas. Sorry, but I won't be making this again

This was OK for us as a quick and tasty meal. I did add more vegetables as I like my veggies.

Really really yummy!!
I added a few extra things though: 
Minced chicken, onion, tomatoes and mushrooms and that made it even better. It was deliciously spicy!

This turned out very nice.  Thanks for the recipe.

