This is a great, easy recipe! Cut open the lemongrass and add the innermost layer to the paste in the food processor.  Then, just chop up the tough outer segments into 1-2 inch pieces and throw them in, you can pick them out before serving.  Here are my changes, but the recipe as written is certainly not bland and it IS advertised as a mild curry, so it's understood that if you want a spicier dish, kick it up a notch!  My additions: I added 1-2 cups of organic pumpkin, but it could be any winter squash.  This is a great boost to the color & nutrition of the dish. I increased the cashews to 1/2 cup and added 1 more garlic clove. I used agave instead of sugar, and sauteed the potato & pumpkin first in the oil, curry powder & spice blend.  Maybe 10 minutes to bring out the flavor and partially cook the veggies.  Then I added everything else, but I cut the coconut milk down to 1/2 can (not my favorite)and increased the water. I also added 1/2 an organic apple, diced, at this point (I used Fuji but it could be any red apple) for a little sweet and balance.  Don't leave out the water!  This is the most important part!  Your curry needs liquid in which to simmer!  I even topped off the water a few times, making sure to keep the veggies covered until fully cooked. I also added the juice of a fresh squeezed lime at the end to round out the flavors. Yum!

man, they weren't kidding when they say "mild."  the amount of water it calls for totally drowns the flavor out.  i ended up adding more curry, sugar, salt, two serrano peppers and about half a cup of peanut butter to compensate.  still, though much improved, it did not have the bold flavor i was looking for.  if i do try this again, i'll use two cans of coconut milk, no water, and double up on the spices.

THIS IS SO GOOD

This is a great, easy recipe! Cut open the lemongrass and add the innermost layer to the paste in the food processor.  Then, just chop up the tough outer segments into 1-2 inch pieces and throw them in, you can pick them out before serving.  Here are my changes, but the recipe as written is certainly not bland and it IS advertised as a mild curry, so it's understood that if you want a spicier dish, kick it up a notch!  My additions: I added 1-2 cups of organic pumpkin, but it could be any winter squash.  This is a great boost to the color & nutrition of the dish. I increased the cashews to 1/2 cup and added 1 more garlic clove. I used agave instead of sugar, and sauteed the potato & pumpkin first in the oil, curry powder & spice blend.  Maybe 10 minutes to bring out the flavor and partially cook the veggies.  Then I added everything else, but I cut the coconut milk down to 1/2 can (not my favorite)and increased the water. I also added 1/2 an organic apple, diced, at this point (I used Fuji but it could be any red apple) for a little sweet and balance.  Don't leave out the water!  This is the most important part!  Your curry needs liquid in which to simmer!  I even topped off the water a few times, making sure to keep the veggies covered until fully cooked. I also added the juice of a fresh squeezed lime at the end to round out the flavors. Yum!

After reading the reviews, made some adjustments. No water and used a total of 1 1/2 cans of coconut milk. To puree the various ingredients, added a splash of veg. broth which added a bit more flavor. Cut the lemongrass in 1 inch pieces and took them out right before serving. Those who wanted a bit more kick added chili paste. Served it with jasmine rice. Very creamy and vegan friendly.

Based on other reviews about the flavor being too mild, I left out the potatoes and water. The flavor was very good and it was also ready a lot faster.

First off don't put the lemon grass in your chopper unless you want to be picking tiny little pieces out of your mouth with every bite.  Actual stalks of lemon grass are not meant to be eaten.  I've heard there is a lemon-grass paste available in some grocery stores so maybe that would work.  Otherwise, chop your grass into  approx 10cm segments and add to the mix so it can be removed more easily.
Also, cut the water out completely.  Adding a cup of water totally drowns out any flavour at all.  If you like a thinner curry, MAYBE add a bit more milk/coconut milk if you so desire.

*update* I did find lemon grass chopped finely enough to actually eat in an Asian supermarket in Missasagua (one of the suburbs of Toronto, Canada).  Unfortunately it's really hard to find, and even the biggest Asian markets don't seem to always carry it.  You might find such a thing amongst the spices.  Good luck!

I would probably make this again, but without the tofu. I also found that there was too much water, so I boiled it longer and even added a little flour  near the end to help it thick more. I used a curry paste from a jar - this added a great deal of flavor and was more authentic than just "plain" curry powder would have been. I did not use the lemongrass. Enjoyed the flavor very much. It was the texture of the tofu that I did not care for.

This is the first tofu dish that I have tried and it was quite tasty (enjoyed by husband, vegetarian sister and 5 year old). I didn't have any lemongrass that the recipe called for, added more curry for flavor, added additional potatoes and cauliflower. Next time, I will add more vegetables. Also let it simmer longer than recommended time.

Good tofuc curry dish -- remember to add the salt and sugar at the end or it may come out bland.  We liked it, but it didn't have a ton of character.

After reading the reviews of others, I made some changes. To spice it up, I added a dash (or two) of cayenne, and reduced by half the amount of water. I also skipped the white sugar completely. Lastly, I thought it needed some colour and some crunch, so I threw in some raw snow peas in the simmering stage. This is a good dish, and I'll probably make it now and then.

