LOVED this dish. Can't give it 5 stars because of the needed modifications, but I would give it 5 stars with the following changes. I seasoned the chicken breasts with a little salt, pepper and garlic powder. I added 1 clove of fresh minced garlic to the green pepper mix. I also used curry PASTE versus powder. I used 1 tbsp because I love curry, but less would be good also especially if you don't like a lot of spice. Paste adds a lot of flavor. Curry paste can be found at most grocery stores in the ethnic food section or for a lot less money at an Asian market if you have one nearby.

This is a pretty good basic recipe ( although it could use some salt). However, I'm thinking I'll add cashews next time, and some more interesting spices/herbs - think, ground coriander seed, cilantro etc.

I make the recipe "sauce and vegies" tripled and use it over grilled chicken in the summer for a different presentation.  Love the recipe as written as well. Is a great lunch box option for leftovers as the flavors develop well overnight in the fridge.  For my child that doesn't care for chunks of mango i puree them and add to the "curry sauce"

This recipe was great, didnt change a thing!

This was a quick and delicious dish. I was out of soy sauce, so substituted worchestershire in, and threw some sliced carrots in for color and  bit of crunch, 2 minutes before the mango went in. Served with jasmine rice,  and topped with cilantro, with Sriracha on the side. Perfect.

Wonderfully fragrant chicken stir fry with sweet and tart sauce. I made the recipe as written. I love a little heat and added crushed red pepper before serving.

I found this curry to be pretty sweet. I drastically reduced the brown sugar, however in all fairness I used canned apricots, which saved me a trip to the store for a mango. Other than being a bit sweet, it was very good. I also threw in a few mushrooms and used thighs rather than breasts.

This is one of the best dishes I have made off this site. I didn’t have fresh ginger given the circumstances in grocery stores so I used dried which worked fine and added a garlic clove from what other reviewers had for suggestions.   This recipe will be a keeper!

We love this but find we like it with more curry and it usually needs more corn flour to thicken. Also needed salt, but those are really to our taste. . We’ve also enjoyed it with other added veggies such as carrots or zucchini. We like to top it with peanuts and shredded coconut, too.

This was excellent!  Did double amount of curry and ginger.  Also served with coconut rice and additional unsweetened shredded coconut.   Hubby loved it!

Delicious and simple.  I brined my chicken and added salt and black pepper before I cooked it.   I added minced garlic in with the onion, andI also added a few sprinkles of red pepper flakes for a bit of heat.  It was great, but I can see adding a fresh jalapeño, or habanero too.

