This is the authentic way to make Malaysian chicken curry!

I did not care for this recipe.

This is a delicious curry. It took a while to find fresh curry leaves but they were much better than dried, which I typically use. The method was a bit off for me. I turned down the heat in step one because the curry paste started to burn. Next time, I will sauté the chicken before adding the coconut milk and water. Thank you for the recipe.

Delicious and easy to make. Had all ingredients except curry leaves and tamarind juice. Didn't know where to find curry leaves and on line said no substitute. Now know to find at Indian grocery, so will look. On line someone posted they used pomegranate molasses, which I did. I am going to keep looking for the tamarind juice and try again. We really enjoyed this recipe.

My family thinks this was the best curry we've had yet!  I didn't have all the whole spices, so I substituted ground spices in many cases, and I had no tamarind.  I also used a whole can of light coconut milk and served over red rice.

I did not care for this recipe.

I don`t eat chicken but my family say in whole this dish is very good. But I have two remarks. At first, it would be desirable, that sauce was a little bit hotter. At second, the sauce is too liquid. I used 1/2 cups coconut milk and 1 incomplete cup water and the sauce all the same was too liquid.

This was great & easy as.  I did make some changes using what I did have though.  Left out Anise pod, tamarind & curry leaves as don't have.  Used regular brown onion instead of shallots. Used garlic & ginger out of jars cos that's what I did have.  Only used 1 tblspn curry paste to experiment with flavour.  Depends on your paste I expect but 4 would have been unbearable.  So test it first.  Didn't use as much water but did add some cornstarch to thicken.  It was really good though & will definitely make again!

Amazing.  I liked it much better than Indian curry, which uses yogurt instead of the coconut milk.  Many of the ingredients were difficult to find (Anise pods and Tamarind Juice...I went to 3 different grocery stores!!).  I used anise seeds instead and left out the Tamarind Juice, but it still tasted wonderful.

Great curry - I kept the sauce thick and added fresh mango

An absolutely AMAZING dish! I do recommend that you use less water if you desire a thicker sauce. :)

