This recipe was great! I love curry, so the amount was perfect for me, but you can cut the curry down by as much as half if you don't like it as strong. I used yellow curry, and I'd like to try it with other kinds. I used light coconut milk, added a little cayenne to make it spicy, and used honey to balance out the curry, not white sugar. The flavor was phenomenal. I also used boneless skinless chicken breasts because it's what I had on hand, but I'd like to try it with regular chicken. If you want to cut down cooking time, try throwing the potatoes in early with the browning onions to get them started on their way. Again, it was great! Thanx!

This is a basic flavored Indian curry but was good with some tweaking.  I don't like bland so added extra tbsp. curry powder and 2 tsp. garam masala, 6 whole cloves, extra clove of garlic, 2 tsp. Tunisian chili powder, and 1 cinnamon stick.  Didn't know what to do with the rest of the coconut milk, as I don't use it very often so used the whole can (2 cups) and just omitted the regular milk.  I had 4 lbs. thighs and legs and deskinned them.  With 4 lbs. it is going to take more than 25 minutes of simmer to get the chicken done so didn't add the potatoes until later on.  I didn't grind any onion, just cut them into slices for some substance to the dish.  Also added about a cup of chick peas for some substance.  Served with basmati rice.  If making this recipe as is, I would suggest bumping up the spices, or making an Indian style rice that would also add some spice.

This is great as it's laid out here. Another variation that was great is to brine the chicken for 24 hrs, then make this curry sauce, marinade the chicken in it for several hours. Then barbecue it. My wife doesn't eat a lot of meat but she'll devour that.

This was extremely bland.  I thought with all the curry, it would be much spicier.   I used 2 # b/s thighs because that was what I had on hand.  It made enough for a small army.  I am going to add (per another reviewer) garam masala, cloves, chili pepper, and a cinnamon stick to the bowl before I refrigerate it over night.  Hopefully, the leftovers will be better with these additions.  I served it with basmati rice and green beans.

Great base, added brown sugar, bay leaf, dash of cinnamon and cayenne as suggested. Perfect. Used 15 oz coconut milk, left out reg milk

The curry was good but much too bland for my taste. Will have to keep looking for the perfect combination of spices.

Made this dish tonight. It was good, and easy!  Not a lot of complexity to the flavor but it was quite yummy.  As another person had suggested I too would experiment with adding some other Indian spices to add to the deliciousness next time.  I added edamame at  the end of the cooking time to add a little color (I HATE peas.)  You could add a lot of different veggies. I'm thinking cauliflower instead of potatoes if you wanted to reduce the carbohydrates.

It was a little bland. I used 6 tablespoons of curry (LOVE the flavor) and tweaked the spices. I added about 1 teaspoon of turmeric, a dash of garlic powder, a dash of ground ginger (in addition to the fresh), and added basil and a little cayenne. I also had to add at least 2 more tablespoons of water to make the curry turn pasty. After tweaking this, it came out amazing! I served it on top of jasmine rice and my boyfriend fell in love with it.

This was wonderful. I used light coconut milk and sour cream instead of yogurt. My picky 12 year old loved it and asked for it again!

Very good just the way it is.  I added red cayenne pepper on mine at the dinner table for some spice, but my kids loved it the way it is.

My end result ended up being delicious but this recipe as is was terrible and I'm surprised that it has such good comments!  I'm a very good cook and have made curry many times.  As is the recipe is VERY bland and bitter!!  Once I added about a 1/4 cup of brown sugar, a chopped up apple & some salt and let it simmer for a while it finally developed a really good flavor.  I will keep this recipe as a base but it REALLY needed something to sweeten it.  I also added some peas for some color.

