This turned out so well!  I thought I had lemongrass and red chile pepper at home, but I did not, but I did have a red curry paste which I added with the cocunut milk and it added just the right touch of flavor.  I also used Pillsbury cresent rolls for the pastry and they turned out a lot larger than the small pouches intended for this recipe.  The curry part was also great curry recipe on its own.  The only change I would I would have made for a curry is addding a whole can of coconut milk for a more liquid curry over rice.  But it makes sense to have a dryer consistency if you're going to wrap it in a pastry and bake it.

For the amount of time it took to prep these and bake them, they were just ok. The only ingredient I didn't add was the lemongrass because I couldn't find it. Otherwise followed the recipe completely. As another review said, they were missing something. We found them to be quite bland. Despite using water to dampen the sides of the pastry puff so it would stick together, about 1/2 of the puffs came apart while baking. I also ended up with a significant amount of left-over filling which I haven't decided what to with yet....I would not make this again.

Nice next time I think I’ll make it without the chicken. Loved the texture thr potato adds to it

Great recipe!  Thank you.  I made an individual pocket with rice instead of potatoes.  Awesome filling

Whole house stunk like curry for days. Great recipe

This is a great recipe.  I've made it a bunch of times.  I usually buy extra puff pastry and make a double batch of the chicken, as it's a bit of work.   That way when we have company in the following weeks, they think I'm a super hostess when I slop some onto the pastry and pop it into the oven.  

It's best with a chutney, like mango; if out of that, use a sweet Thai chilli sauce.

Very tasty and a hit at the party I took them to. Not too spicy and they are light.

Unbelievable good my friends are from south Africa n make the best curry this was almost as good as the curry they make

This has been our favorite recipe for a few years now. It is so good that we usually can't wait for the puffs to finish baking, so we end up eating the leftover filling straight from the pan as we wait for the puffs. We love to make this for our friends and family when we have get togethers and they are always a big hit. This is usually the only time we make them because they do take a bit of time and effort. When we first started making them we had problems with the puffs coming open while baking them, but now that we have had enough practice we are better at forming the puffs so they won't come apart. My advice for that is use enough water and make sure to  squish the corners of the pastry together a bit if you can. They also come apart if you overfill them.

This Recipe was excellent!!! My family is from south America and this kind of dish has that same taste that i grew up eating! the recipe called for alot of coconut milk so that i could get the same consistency as the video. I didnt have Lemon grass so i grated a little bit of lemon zest mixed with ginger. Because i didnt stir properly i could taste the lemon and ginger, but it added a surprisingly pleasant spark. I also made my puff pastry from scratch and messed it up, but even with that, all i can say is YUM! My husband and other relatives loved it and requested that i make more! I can't wait to try it all again!
By the way, this was my first time making the recipe and i followed as is with the exception of the Lemon grass.

For the amount of time it took to prep these and bake them, they were just ok. The only ingredient I didn't add was the lemongrass because I couldn't find it. Otherwise followed the recipe completely. As another review said, they were missing something. We found them to be quite bland. Despite using water to dampen the sides of the pastry puff so it would stick together, about 1/2 of the puffs came apart while baking. I also ended up with a significant amount of left-over filling which I haven't decided what to with yet....I would not make this again.

