Delicious! I increased the Maesri red curry paste to about 3 tbl. and after returning the chicken thighs to the skillet, I added baby carrots, green beans, and sliced red pepper, and continued simmering for 15-20 minutes. Served over Jasmine rice. Will make this again and again with different veggies. Yum!

Amazing flavors and super easy to make, I used boneless, skinless thighs.

This has become a favorite in my house! It has so much flavor, and it’s easy to adjust the spice level if desired.

used 1/2 T red curry paste, 3 teaspoons hot curry powder, 1/2 tsp. sugar. Added red and green bell peppers for color.

Very good curry thighs, and surprisingly easier to make than at first glance even though it has a long ingredients list.  I would just say that it's a little tough to cook it on a large skillet as the recipe calls for because it gets very full.  8 chicken thighs and all that sauce put my 12 inch skillet to its maximum capacity.  I've made this multiple times and cooking it in a medium pot is much easier.

This was a very easy recipe.  I happened to have all of the ingredients on hand.  I used boneless skinless chicken thighs.  I added a little habeñero powder to the mix to make it on the spicier side.  We enjoyed this and will probably make it regularly.  Thanks for sharing.

The sauce from this recipe came out great! Didn't have Chinese spice mix, substituted for 1 tsp cumin + 1tsp cloves. Seared chicken in 2 different pans because 8 chicken things was too crowded for 1. Definitely had better char in the cast iron skillet than stainless steel. After making the sauce and putting thighs back in the pans, I finished cooking in the oven at 400 for about 20 min. Served with coconut rice.

So good! I used a bit less hot curry powder after I felt like it was a bit strong. It ends up being a great curry. I also add slicec onions, potatoes, and carrots so I can eat the curry over rice.

Sooo delicious! I used deboned thighs. Would definitely make this again

I spent 21 days in India in 2016.  We ate curry every day.  So I have an authentic reference point.  This recipe is excellent.  I have made it 4 or 5 times.  Three times with chicken and once with lamb.  Either way the sauce is tongue clapping good.  After the first time I used 2 cans of coconut milk instead on one.  If you like saucy I recommend doing so.

