Yellow curry chicken is my favorite dish at my favorite Thai restaurant, and I can't say this recipe is as good, but it's pretty close for how simple this recipe is!  The only thing I changed is that I used breasts and thighs as I enjoy dark meat too; and I can't imagine yellow curry chicken without potatoes, so I added a few diced potatoes with the sherry and bouillon.  My husband and I were skeptical if the potatoes would cook enough, but they turned out just the right tenderness!  Also, I made sure I bought the "hot" curry powder at the store as I've cooked with other curry powder which turned out way too bland.  It was just the right spiciness served over rice for our taste.  My husband brought the leftovers to work for lunch a few times and his co-workers even commented that they had to go to a Thai restaurant that night because the smell made them crave curry!  Thanks for the recipe!

For all of the exotic sounding food combinations in this recipe, I found it quite uninspiring and disappointing. I added another tablespoon + of curry powder and it still didn't seem enough.  I also added 1/8 tsp. cayenne pepper which did liven things up a bit, but there seemed to be just too much too thick liquid to seem right.  Sorry, because it did look simple enough.  Here are a few suggestions.  Lightly sautee the onions and garlic in the oil.  Add the curry powder and ginger and toast until it is fragrant, then add the chicken to be coated with the spice mixture and sautee that a little.  Bee certain to lightly coat the chicken with cornstarch or you'll have a lumpy mess on your hands!  Then add the beef bouillon which you have dissolved in 1 cup or more of hot water (important!) and sherry to deglaze the pan.  Then proceed with the peanut butter and water adding coconut milk toward the end.

I've read many of the reviews and I agree with several things mostly those who found it bland. I'd so looked forward to making this as I'm quite fond of Asian cooking of any kind. Agree too much PB. It needs something but can't figure out exactly what and the reason for me reading reviews after the fact. As I was cooking only for myself I have a huge amount left so will do some experimenting particularly adding some crushed red pepper.  I may add some bell pepper too. And while cooking it the thought crossed my mind to add roasted peanuts or cashews so will definitely do that on the leftovers. Doubt I'll make this again unless I can think of other ways to improve it for more zing.

I think the peanut butter overwhelmed the rest of the dish. It was fine, but not great.

Good, substituted onion powder since I didn't have an onion. I felt like it was missing something, so next time I might add some Thai chiles and a little extra curry.

Taste delicious!

So I always tweet recipes because they never have enough flavor in my opinion so what I did is I minced my garlic with fresh ginger and added a habanero followed the directions by coating the chicken with cornstarch but as I added the chicken and onion I also added the garlic habanero and ginger giving it a bang of flavor. I made my own sherry with 1/2 cup of pomegranate red wine vinegar 1/2 cup of water and 2 tablespoons of sugar. Once the meat was somewhat browned I added the "homemade" sherry. Once thick I added about 3/4 cup of water to cover and lots of curry didn't really measure. Simmered for 25 minutes than added previously cooked potatoes for an additional 5 minutes than added the coconut milk. Viola lots of flavor same ingredients sometimes adding different ingredients at different times or using fresh instead of ground makes all the difference.

I cooked this recipe for the first time. I was a little thrown off by the peanut butter effect.  I did not add milk as well.  I think the next time I make this I'll use half the peanut butter.

This Indian dish is AMAZING!!!! Tasted like I was at an Indian restaurant!  It can be a tad bit strong on the heat of the curry, so back it down on the curry if you are concerned that it may be too strong!...definitely worth a try!  Dish looked GREAT!....throw some parsley on before serving....add a green vegetable, brown/basmati rice and you are good to go!

This is a good basic curry recipe, but definitely needs some additions for flavor. It needs a lot more salt, and I added cumin and some more curry.

Add curry paste (spicy)

