Was good- my husband and I enjoyed it although it was a bit too spicy for us to love it (hence the 4 stars) but that is of course a personal preference.  We like spice- just not gut on fire spice!  We will make it again but for us we'll probably cut the red pepper flakes in half.

I enjoyed preparing this dish, but found it too rich and thick for my liking.  It was difficult getting the cooked noodles incorporated into the dish.  I did like the spiciness of it, and love the curry!  If I made this again I would decrease the peanut butter to a tablespoon or so, and use a thicker, sturdier noodle & perhps some chicken broth for more liquid.  Sincere thanks for sharing your recipe with AR.

A very lovely dish yummy taste had to substitute some ingredients still turned out great.

Awesome!  Used part olive oil and some sesame oil.  Used celery, onion and carrot.  Doubled the recipe and put  about 3/4 T of peppers.  Spicy enough for me!  Used about 2-3 pounds yakisoba noodles.

It turned out pretty good with some added ingredients; good starter  for me.

I cut back both the red pepper and curry (1/2 tsp & 2 tbsp).  I also only used 4 noodle baskets and it still made too much.  I would cut this to 3 if I made it again.  Wife was not happy with the dish, she does not like curry flavor.

Quite nice.  Good taste alternative for typical chow mein.  I used less hot pepper flakes and added some chopped zucchini and it was lovely.

Would have rated this five stars except for the heat factor.  My husband and I love spicy food but the 2 teaspoons of pepper flakes was WAY too hot.  Must say that we have noted that our pepper flakes are hotter than most, so take that into consideration and adjust the red pepper according to your heat tolerance.  We also didn't find straw mushrooms in our local grocery store so used crimini mushrooms and it worked well.  Thanks for the recipe.

The flavors combine ok and it is edible. It didn't taste authentic though and I don't think I would follow this recipe again.

Good except needed to add chicken stock as the sauce was too thick. Added only 2 Tbsp of curry and 1 tsp red pepper flakes.

this recipe was great
but will it taste the same if I use beef instead of chicken

