I love this stuff! I grew up with it, and have made the dish over and over again. I don't know why it would take 2 hours to prepare it though - about 30 minutes is more like it, and the dish will benefit from cooking longer than 2 hours. Beside that - this is the way I have made this dish for the last 30 years. And - don't forget to serve it with boiled potatoes. All traditional Norwegian recipes, more or less, are served with boiled potatoes.
Faarikaal - which means sheep in cabbage - is even better the next day. Make a huge pot full, I use a big stock pot - and enjoy this meal for at least two days!

Three stars because you didn't add the flour.  I'm married to a Norwegian, have eaten fårikål many, many, times here in Norway.  As a matter of fact had it today here in Norway...''tis the season for it.  You forgot the flour on top of each layer of cabbage...about a teaspoon or two.  And I saw a comment below of someone adding a bunch of spices and vegetables.  Knock yourself out but then you're not making fåkirål.  Your making some stew with vegetables and lamb.

This recipe is the best thing i have ever had in my life i'd rate it 6 stars if I could.

Very splendid food. And even better with proper mutton than with lamb - though mutton is, no longer, available here in Norway (Chernobyl and all that). It also fits well with the name of the dish, Fårikål (in very oldfashioned spelling, "farikaal") or Får-i-kål: literally, "mutton in cabbage".

Beer and schnapps (acquavit) is almost obligatory: it is mostly eaten in the autumn, when - traditionally - most sheep had to be slaugtered.

Three stars because you didn't add the flour.  I'm married to a Norwegian, have eaten fårikål many, many, times here in Norway.  As a matter of fact had it today here in Norway...''tis the season for it.  You forgot the flour on top of each layer of cabbage...about a teaspoon or two.  And I saw a comment below of someone adding a bunch of spices and vegetables.  Knock yourself out but then you're not making fåkirål.  Your making some stew with vegetables and lamb.

I was looking for recipes for lamb in the slow cooker since I had some that is a little tough.   Used some lamb steaks and chops and layered them in with the cabbage.  Put the peppercorns in the layers.  I'm not a huge pepper fan, so I picked the peppercorns out as I ate, but my husband just ate them.  We really liked the dish.  Made it a couple months ago and plan to make it again tomorrow.

I kept it super simple. Cook it the entire 2 hours. It will not disappoint. I tried it at different times and the cabbage gets darker but the time marinates the falavors and the cabbage gets more and more tender and the flavors blend super nicely. I used kosher salt and i put the peppercorns whole. Also add flour to the layers of cabbage, salt and pepper, it will thicken the sauce and it adds a nice dimension. I used shoulder meat and it was great since it had the right amount of fat, meat and bone. served with boiled potatoes. good food.

I had broth left over from lamb ribs, that I cooked in my pressure cooker.  I sauteed onions, celery, and red peppers and added them to the reduced broth.  I added fresh Rosemary, Thyme, and Sage.  After 12 minutes of cooking and steam release, I added roasted tomatoes, brown sugar and apple cider vinegar.  I cooked it for 5 more minutes on sautee setting, to heat tomatoes and reduce the broth.
I wanted to find other recipes for lamb and cabbage to cook in my new pressure cooker.  l love your recipe.

I love Farikal and our family has been eating it for thirty years. This recipe is very good. My only changes are to add a chopped onion to the cabbage, and to pour 2 tablespoons of flour shaken well in some water over the top of everything. Also as other have suggested, I just sprinkle the peppercorns directly over the cabbage. Everyone in our family eats them. They have softened up after all that cooking and add needed spice to the dish.

I love Farikal and our family has been eating it for thirty years. This recipe is very good. My only changes are to add a chopped onion to the cabbage, and to pour 2 tablespoons of flour shaken well in some water over the top of everything. Also as other have suggested, I just sprinkle the peppercorns directly over the cabbage. Everyone in our family eats them. They have softened up after all that cooking and add needed spice to the dish.

I use breast of lamb and cook in the slow cooker with a few potatoes placed on the top so they cook with the rest but not vanish (I've always served it with boiled potatoes). 
My favourite norsk recipe that was served regularly in the community centre. Cheap and tasty :) alongside a plate of freshly cooked waffler with proper whipped cream and strawberry jam mmmmm.

