OH MY GOD!! This recipe is just like my Norwegian grandmother used to make it. She used to call it "Sukse Kake". Have been looking for a similar recipe for years but didn't find it until now. The custard topping really sets it off, but be careful to stir constantly to avoid it burning on the bottom. Got rave reviews from the family - my husband wouldn't stop eating it!! Although a little time consuming I'll definitely make again...YUMMM!

Sadly, this cake didn't turn out really well for me - I followed the recipe, but the bottom was not cooked at all! I also thought that the cake was a little coarse - this may have been a mistake on my part, since I could have chopped my almonds more. Additionally, I think that there was way too much butter in the custard topping...if I were to make this again, I'd decrease the amount of butter in the topping, chop the almonds finer, and decrease the baking temperature while increasing the cooking time.

The topping was ok, but the cake wasn't.  The texture was weird.

It was good, I will use crushed almonds instead of almond flour next time, the flour I used was to fine, it does came out as a cake, but it’s not the texture of the Norwegian version I used to have, and loved

Great recipe. I just made the custard in a pot over a small to medium flame under constant whisking.

overwhelmingly sweet and plain to my taste, but has potential. If making again, I would reduce sugar in custard by half and in butter by 30%, add almond and vanilla extract to custard as suggested by others, and use cream cheese or mascarpone for frosting instead of butter. Aside of being too sweet, custard is very smooth and tasty - heavy cream really makes difference here. Butter choice will make or break the taste of this frosting.

I loved the airy texture of the cake and the cream on top to boot. Some think it is too caloric but  it is just a deconstructed version of what we normally know as the cake only. The cake itself instead of whole eggs, it only contains the egg whites and the egg yolks (same amount) are used for the topping. Instead of flour it has almond meal, some sugar and baking powder and that is it. The butter and dairy in this case heavy cream, would normally be baked in the oven included in the cake. In this recipe you save those for the topping and it actually saves you calories while allowing you to indulge without artificial sweeteners. This is a keeper, everyone in my family loved it, and it is very simple. Do follow the instructions and make the topping in day head, it does make the difference. Also, don't freak out and think it is burning, almond meal bakes a few tones darker than if you were using flour and lastly, because of the consistency your life will be much simpler if you bake this on a mold with removable bottom, for example the ones used for cheesecakes. The topping will melt when out of the fridge too long so if you are taking this somewhere it will be outside on a table for a while, hope it is winter! Hope you enjoy as much as we did!

I have made this twice. I really like almond things, and this is very good, but it can get messy as the glaze has managed to run down off the cake inside an air-conditioned room for me before. I like this, but it is not a friendly option for a potluck unless you are the host. Straight from the fridge is the best way to eat this one, for sure.

I shifted all the dry ingredients but the cake was still a little gritty. The flavor was good though. The custard like topping however was DELICIOUS!! That made it for me!!  I did put shaved chocolate on the top but it honestly didn’t need it. I was looking for a gluten free cake for a friend but when I make it  again for mysel I’ll make  it with regular cake base.

It is very good, I didn't change anything about it (messing with baking recipes never ends well). I do medieval and viking cookery and married a Norwegian man and am often looking for recipes in keeping with this theme. The almond flour gives it a marzipan taste. I wasn't sure how this recipe would come together until the very end since the parts are made separately. I did serve it with homemade lavender ice cream which I think greatly enhanced the flavor - the cake is just a little bit too dense without a bit of something else to compliment it (fresh fruit or cream, something cold would be my suggestion)

This was a hit with my family.  The only change I made was adding almond extract to the cake and custard topping, and sprinkled toasted sliced almonds on top of the custard.  Next time I will lower the temperature of the oven about 50 degrees and extend the cook time.  Yum!

