Awesome, entire family loved it!  The only thing I did different was adding only 1/2 cup splenda instead of 1 cup sugar to the water.  Plus - I don't think you need quite as much butter, I only used 3 tbsps while broiling.

I know this was rated highly, but it was so bland. Maybe if some garlic or something like that was added, but it was very boring.

For My Own Notes:1 filet, 3 cups water, 2 tbsp sugar, 1/2 tsp salt. Cover filet completely. Set to Medium High. Bring to a boil. Set timer for 2 mins. Set atop broiler pan, broil low 6 mins, then high for 2 mins.

So delicious and it was simple to make. I did boil my filets separately for about 3-4min rather than all of them at once. Everyone in the family loved it to the point were there were no leftovers going in the fridge.

For me this just tasted like fish with sugar. Many years ago there was a recipe that made the rounds for using monkfish and some seasonings and caraway seeds which was excellent. Unfortunately I lost it and haven’t been able to find anything like it in the years since. At least I was only feeding myself and not anybody else

My better half loved it but I found it to sweet even after cutting the sugar by half

Really enjoyed this! The only thing I did was take the suggestion  of putting it in the fridge after boiling. Made it with a side of brown rice and mascarpone cauliflower mashers. The flavors I used just melded well together with this recipe.

I made it straight from the recipe.  It was delicious!  My husband thought it tasted like scallops.  Next time I might try using stevia to make it healthier.  Yum!!!

5

A very interesting way of preparing Cod.  Lobsteresque in taste but it needed some flavor.  Next time I will add garlic powder, lemon and more salt before broiling and cut the butter in half.

Delicious. 
Next time I will do as another suggested by heating up the water first to a boil, turn down, add fish. Mine cooked too fast bringing it to a boil. 
The flavor was fantastic but I was also sold on the minimal ingredients, minimal dishes & minimal time. Huge plus.

