After trying to decifer my mom's recipe for this, which was handed down by her mom and so on, I found this recipe which was almost exact, except I used buttermilk instead of heavy cream.  Calling the dough sticky is the understatement of the century, there was no way I could roll it out and make shapes (perhaps because I used buttermilk?) SO, I came up with a great idea to put it in a ziplock bag, cut the end and pipe the shapes onto the cookie sheets.  They came out FABULOUS!  And taste just like I remember from when I was a kid.  Thank you!

This same recipe has been passed on through the he women in our family for many years my great grandma got it from her grandma. The only thing different is we roll each cookie into colored sugar and shape into different shapes like candy canes at Christmas etc. My kids still today look forward to making these every Christmas. Best cookie in the world.

Long-time AllRecipes user, first-time reviewer here. I came to this recipe using the ingredients search bc I had extra sour cream & heavy cream left over in the fridge. This recipe is delicious and I enjoyed trying different ways of forming/piping the cookies. Sharing here in case others will benefit from my experience:

1. Left (in glass travel container): I followed the recipe instructions for mixing the dough, but then followed reviewer recommendations to pipe the cookies out. I ended up making spirals using the "star" shaped tip of a cake decorating kit. 

2. Middle (in glass baking dish): I followed original recipe instructions and made the (traditional?) figure 8/infinity sign design. I followed review recommendations and put the dough into the fridge overnight to make it easier to work with the sticky dough. It felt like the ends of figure 8 never seemed to pinch together, but everything evens out in the oven as the dough expands. 

3. Right (on baking sheet): I used two alternate designs for the rolled dough -- one spiral (like a cinnamon roll) and one spiraled figure 8 (kinda like a closed letter S). 

As far as taste, texture & looks are concerned, I prefer the piped design. All the extra flour needed to roll the dough is the first thing you taste when you put the finished cookie in your mouth -- not so when you pipe out the dough. That said, it was really hard to pipe out and my hands got tired quickly with all the hard squeezing.

A huge hit with my family, very different from our old traditional recipe. However, they are much easier to roll. Still need to dust your rolling board frequently. I use 1 tsp almond flavoring instead of vanilla or nutmeg.

Tips for sticky dough!. After making dough you must refrigerate for many hours. Even after overnight refrigeration plan to use well floured-surface and well-floured hands. An alternative is to use powdered buttermilk instead of the heavy cream and dough will be easier to work with.

Recipe turned out great - I followed it exactly as listed and had no trouble. Yes, you get very sticky dough, but here's how I did it: I used a silicone pastry mat and LOTS of flour, both on the mat and my hands. Roll very gently - remember, you aren't rolling out play-doh! It will be sticky but if you keep enough flour on the mat, and scrape off the sticky spots as they happen, this will work. Also, I used a spatula to move them from the mat to the baking pan, and baked on a silpat in the pan. It is tricky to move them, as they are very soft and fragile. 

Also, after getting the dough rolled out to the proper length, I made it into a circle and pinched the ends together first, then just twisted the circle into the 8. Worked well - just takes time and patience!

This cookie must be what the Norwegian wives made to fill the time during their long cold winters!

The dough was so thin and wouldn't come together. There was NO way to roll it out or even make balls.

Perfect!

These are a favorite in my family.  Three pieces of advice.  Refrigerate the dough for at least 4 hours, overnight is better.  Do not overtake.  They should be very soft.  The bottom should be a very light brown.  And finally watch two or three YouTube videos before making these to see how the dough is rolled out.

Other advice.  I like to use a fabric covered pastry board.  Rub a little flour into the pastry cloth to make rolling easier.  On one of the YouTube videos, the woman appears to be rolling it on  a dish towel and in another, Mikey is using a traditional Lefse board.

Loved it! I'm a newbie and these came out perfect my first try. My husband even helped with this. We quickly found that rolling the dough out in our floured hands worked best for us. Like what you did as kid with your play dough. We gave up on the figure 8's promptly because they looked awful. Instead, we rolled the dough out in snakes with our hands the length of our palms and then doing a swirl instead on the baking pan.

