I took ideas from a few of the previous reviews to make this cabbage and it was delicious!  I used bacon pieces instead of strips, apple cider vinegar and Splenda instead of sugar (Splenda is somewhat sweeter than suger so be careful).  I also threw in a vegetable bouillon cube and used less salt; instead of pouring salt on all layer, I salted 2 of 4 layers.  I don't think you need as much flour as the recipe calls for; next time, I'll use half.  Also, I could have thrown in another head of cabbage after the first head boiled down to even out the juice.  Even though there are some things that I would do differently next time, this was still the best cabbage I've made and I've made a lot of cabbage!  You can not go wrong with following the recipe verbatim.

It was ok until I started doing the vinegar and sugar.  I started with a little of each at a time and it just got worse and worse.  I guess this just is not a flavor I like.  I would recommend cooking the bacon first to render some of the fat and then add the cabbage because the bacon had chunks of fat remaining after cooking.

We made this for the first time for a Norwegian themed Christmas dinner. It was a smash hit. We will add this to our regular dinner rotation.

This was pretty good. Next time I might add less liquid. Added the same amount of vinegar as sugar, and it was nicely balanced.

NO Christmas without this one here up north!! Not in this house at least :) 

We boil it for several hours though, 3-4 I think.

It was ok until I started doing the vinegar and sugar.  I started with a little of each at a time and it just got worse and worse.  I guess this just is not a flavor I like.  I would recommend cooking the bacon first to render some of the fat and then add the cabbage because the bacon had chunks of fat remaining after cooking.

Good flavor. I put a lid on it and checked it after 20 min. The cabbage was a little mushy. Next time I won't put a lid on the pan and see if it's better. I don't want mushy cabbage, so not sure if 45 min of cooking it would make it mushy.

I had a lot of leftover honey-baked ham, so I cut it up and layered it in the mix. I also substituted celery seed for the caraway seed. This was so delicious that as soon as it was gone, my husband asked me to make another batch! I wish I could have given it 20 stars!

Before she died, I tried to get my Norwegian grandma to give me her cabbage recipe, but it was just "a little of this, a little of that" and I never felt confident enough to try.  I've made this dish twice now, and it is delicious--tastes just like my grandma's.  Thank you so much for sharing--it means a lot to me to have this connection to my roots.

This was really good. It didn't taste like saurkraut It was much milder. I cut up the bacon into little pieces instead of using long strips. Next time I will cook the bacon slightly first because the cabbage finished cooking before the bacon did. If I had used an older cabbage it might have been able to cook longer without going mushy, but if you cook the cabbage long enough to get the bacon done then the cabbage might be a bit mushy like mine was. Still, it tasted so good it was five stars. I took the advice and added the vinegar and suggar a little at a time till it tasted good to me and ended up using all the vinegar and a couple tablespoons less sugar but even with all the sugar I think it would have still been just fine. Everyone liked it. I made it as a side dish along side a whole Scandinavian menu, but if you used sausages in it or big Canadian bacon slices it could even be a main dish. Thank you for sharing it!

Love, love love this. I have made this at least 5 times and am always delighted by how delicious it is! I don't add quite so much water, i fill my pot about 1/3 full. Turns out great everytime!

