Thank you for sharing this wonderful recipe.  I was raised on Lefsa.  I had lost my recipe when my mother past away.  Now I will be able to keep the tradition alive.  Thank you!!!!!

Great way to make it! I have been raised making lefsa as my great grandparents were from Norway. I would suggest making the dough balls smaller and rolling them out really thin, so when you cook them they are not thick. I also would not use a grill for cooking this delicacy. After you are finished with the cooking, I like to put melted butter on there with a brush and sprinkle cinnamon sugar over top of the butter, then roll it up and eat it. Otherwise great thing to have as a little treat

Great way to make it! I have been raised making lefsa as my great grandparents were from Norway. I would suggest making the dough balls smaller and rolling them out really thin, so when you cook them they are not thick. I also would not use a grill for cooking this delicacy. After you are finished with the cooking, I like to put melted butter on there with a brush and sprinkle cinnamon sugar over top of the butter, then roll it up and eat it. Otherwise great thing to have as a little treat

Awesome recipe!!

This recipie was perfect!! I just made these for the second year in a row and they came out EXACTLY like the ones my Great-Grandma used to make. My family is overjoyed that I learned how to make this (I'm the only one that knows how now)

Traditional Lefse recipe.  I have made these for 40 years.  My mother before me and my grandmother before that who came from Norway.  I make mine on my pancake griddle turned to the highest heat should be about 375 degrees Fahrenheit.  they only take a minute or so on each side.  When you roll them out, roll them very thin.  You can use lots of flour as it can be brushed off after.  These freeze very well.  I make at Christmas time and then have for all the special occasions until the next Christmas..

Have made this version for years just as written, never had a problem. BTW 8 cup of potatoes is approx 5 lbs. I always do up 10 lbs of potatoes because people are always wanting to take some home.

I may have said a pinch more whipping cream than the recipe said but other than that they turned out wonderful I was surprised how easy it was to roll it out

My great Norwegian aunts said all you need is potatoes and flour. Still, my grandfather loved these and they made his Father's Day.

Please change your spelling from Lefsa To Lefse which is the correct way - Thanks - seems lots of people spell it wrong

Thank you for this wonderful recipe. I have made this two times and it works perfectly and tastes delicious. Memories from the past!!

