this recipie is good dipped in butter and cinnamon sugar

I just wanted to add that it's great with cream cheese spread on it before you add sliced ham/turkey/etc.

I made this twice for Passover as an unleavened bread. It worked amazingly. I used Betty crocker homestyle instant Mashed potatoes, Becel margarine, and canned coconut milk. The results were perfection. The first time the dough sat wrapped in logs in the fridge for 2 days (5 yr old got a bee sting) and still was perfect. The second batch, I did the potatoes mixture, left it over night in the fridge, added the flour by hand the next evening, pieced them out, rolled and cooked. Those were even softer. Amazing recipe. Thank you

This turned out great!!! We did it as a test to an old recipe we had been using. We did reduce the flour to 2 c. and the taste was the best we have ever made. Thanks for sharing. :)

I cheat and make lefse using instant potatoes.  Most recipes start with riced cooked potatoes, but this is much quicker.  Very good at Thanksgiving, where you can stuff with leftover turkey, dressing & sometimes cranberries.

My Grandma always made lefse when i was growing up. My brother and I wanted to make it for Thanksgiving this year for our families. We are new at this, but this recipe made it very simple. Looked and tasted just like i remember Grandma's. 
I used butter instead of shortening, which seemed to work fine. I also want to note that i was surprised how easy it was to mix the flour in with the pastry cutter.

Good simple lefse recipe. My daughter and I had a great time making lefse for the holidays. I will be making lefse more often with this recipe.

I have used this recipe for the past 5 years and have never benn disappointed. It is simple, easy and best of all tasty. No one believes that it is made with instant potatoes. I am extending the tradition by teaching all of my children, nieces and nefews how to bake thes delicious tradiditonal breads. Thanks for the recipe.

Mike

I just wanted to add that it's great with cream cheese spread on it before you add sliced ham/turkey/etc.

this recipie is good dipped in butter and cinnamon sugar

