Best Pie! We have had this every Holiday season since I was a little girl. It is now asked for all year round by my friends who have had it.

I thought this pie had way too much spice and so did my husband.The pie turned out fine as far as consistency and baked in exactly the time stated on the recipe.  I won't make this one again, but if I did I would add only the cinnamon and omit the cloves and nutmeg completely, and maybe add a little vanilla.  Some reviewers mention they would chop the raisins, I think that would be good also.

I know people hate it when someone reviews a recipe but changes the ingredients but here me out.I am borderline diabetic so I used Monk Fruit as a sugar substitute and in the area I live pie crusts aren't common in the supermarkets so I used a shortcrust pastry (is it the same thing? I don't know).The Review:The pie was very easy to make and looked and smelled delicious but it was far too sweet and had a blandness to it although that was helped with a little dollop of cream added to the side.Overall if I was going to make this again I would cut down on the sugar by maybe 25-50% (bit too sweet) and find a place that sells pie crusts. **/5

It's an ok cake, but you have to like raisins of course. It could use more spice for my taste, but as I heard, the Norwegians aren't that much into spice.

Need to double the filling to fill a 9” crust. Other than that it’s fabulous.

Loved it so much I made it twice in the span of two weeks.

Delicious pie! Had to try it out. What part of Norway is this from? My wife and I live in Oslo and have never heard of this...assuming it is an old school recipe that hasn't held popularity in Norway today or regional.

This was great! Good complex flavor!  I did make some very minor changes.  (a) I used slightly fewer raisins, (b) I chopped raisins a little, (c) used a gluten-free crust (d) put slightly less of each spice except the cinnamon, which I kept the same. My wife and I both loved the grown-up flavors this pie created. This flavor should go well with a Christmas or Thanksgiving dinner. I would actually give this 4.5 stars as it was a little hard to know when the pie was done and really would be even better with some whipped cream topping. Also, I had to cook for about 60 min. I will plan to make again.

Made it just as the recipe said except for trying to chop the raisins a bit.  I made two pies for an auction today.  Looks plenty moist and came out just right.  I will not be the judge of it  tastes good or not but I bet they will like it.

Made the recipe as stated  2 slight add-ons pre baked crust for about 20 min. used both golden +dark raisins which I simmered in Jack Daniels bourbon about 10 min. This is a keeper.

My mother was Norwegian and this recipe is the closest  I've found to hers. I prepared this exactly as written and it was terrific. Even my husband liked it and he's a picky guy. He said it reminded him of his grandmother's Butter Tarts. I think it's our new favorite pie.

