my grandmother taught me how to make this cookie 3 years ago, before her passing. her grandmother taught her how to make it. Our family came to america over 100 years ago, and have made the cookie at christmas time ever since their arrival. This cookie is truly special to my entire extended family.  I am carrying on the tradition now.  happy baking!

This recipe is good, but as another reviewer suggested, the Fattigmand should be cut in a diamond shape with a wheel on a handle.  My mother had a special wheel for this.  Also if you add a tablespoon of whisky or other alcohol, they will not absorb the oil as they cook.  My mother always used vegetable oil and never lard. My mother's recipe used more eggs and the amount it made was dependent on the number of eggs used.  The reason that they are called Fattigmand Bakkles (poor man's cookies) is that they contain ingredients that everyone could afford.

Who would have thought we'd be google-ing fattigmann Bakkels? What was the importance of significance if it? "We have to make  Fattigmann Bakkels!".... is what I remembered hearing as a kid. I've always made them by memory, having to guess at how much butter, sugar, eggs and flour to use, but as long as you fry it and dust it with powdered sugar, it's good, tastes like a soft fortune cookie.

OMG !!!! My grandma and I made this every HOLIDAY what memories thank you for giving me the exact recipe,i was little around 5-7 yrs old at the time we made these, so TO HAVE THIS RECIPE NOW, I CAN PASS IT ON TO MY SON'S FAMILY thank you so MUCH...you do don't know what this means,PS i just finish making these, DEEELICIOUS just like i remember....

My husbands mother, who is now passed, shared a very similiar Norwegian Recipe that she called Fuddins. Guessing that was family slang for this treat. Glad to read about the heritage of the recipe and thanks for sharing.

Close to my Grandmother's recipe.  Cardamon to taste was all that was written in English.  I also add a tbls of brandy.  Another recipe recommend refrigerating overnight to make it easier to roll.

The Polish families also have these for special occasions, like Christmas, they call them Angel Wings, we just do not add cardamom, and we also dust with powdered sugar after done frying... ; )  yummy!!!

My heritage is Nowegian and German. I get to enjoy German and Norwegian Christmas cookies every year. Fattingman is one of my favorites. They have light powdered sugar on top and YUM YUM :)

I saw this recipe & thought I'd try a different Fattigmand recipe instead of my great-great-grandmothers. I did not like this recipe at all. there was not enough cardamom and definately not enough sugar! It was completely tasteless, in my opinion tasted like cardboard. I had to add sugar to it after it was a dough & it turned out horrible I threw half of it away & made the recipe I used for years. Fattigmand is not supposed to be a sweet cookie but there is supposed to be at least enough to taste the sweetness & this recipe was not like that. I will not use this one again.

Just about like my Norwegian grandmother's Fattigmann's, but needs 1 tablespoon brandy.

My Great Grandmother who came over from Norway, taught me and my mother how to make these cookies.  In addition to the other tips, we dusted the cookies with powdered sugar when we were done.

