This recipe is a fairly simple but delicious and healthy one-dish complete meal.  I've made biryani rice dishes before but never one with such rich, complex flavor and such a marvelous fragrance. After cooking, our home was filled with a subtle, exotic aroma that lingered for hours. NOTE: This and other biryani recipes are adaptable to simplifications and time savers, such as using thawed/steamed frozen peas;1/8 teasp crushed red pepper instead of seven whole peppercorns; crystallized ginger and dried garlic; and pre-diced onions, carrots, and potatoes.  Of course, the dish is best and most authentic with the freshest ingredients -- but better a "quick" biryani, I think, than no biryani at all at the end of a long day!  Depending on your preferences, you could eliminate some vegetables, but keep the onions, garlic, herbs & spices, broth, and rice. The turmeric imparts a lovely golden hue and sublime flavor.  I've had great success adding mushrooms as well. I advise a great mango chutney as accompaniment, with yogurt or sour cream.  It also keeps and reheats nicely for next-day dining!

I thought this was bland. The flavors were not nearly as strong as the biryani I've had in restaurants. Next time I will use ground spices and double or even triple the amount of each of them.

Very fragrant and delicious! This makes a TON, I'd say more like 8 to 10 servings, not 4. I had to add a bit more salt at the end to really bring out the flavors. The only thing I'd change is to double the veggies since they were a little scarce. Cook time was spot on, and I normally have trouble with cooking rice on the stove. This came out nice and fluffy! This isn't spicy like some biryanis can be.

Yumm❤️

Delicious!  First time I made Biryani!  Easy to make.  I took the advice of some in the reviews and doubled the seasonings which was good!

Very nice recipe, have all ingredients ready to go for each step.  Great flavor

Delicious!

Doubled all the spices and this was delicious! Even my boyfriend from India approved!

I have saved it to make. I love Biryani and could it it for a life time. My first time was having it when  I moved up  North and Then fell in love with it. I also tried to make it but it never came out right with  the spices part i guess. Being originally a Southern girl I like pakistani food . anyway i plan to  get the things i need to make this and will rate it another time. Thanks again I cant wait to try this

I have made this twice now, and doubled the recipe both times.  It freezes very well!  I used olive oil both times, but at some point I would like to make it with ghee.  The first time I used canned peas and carrots, canned potatoes, and jasmine rice.  This was very good using canned vegetables.  This most recent time I used a small bag of frozen peas and carrots, a medium russet potato, and basmati rice.  There was more than  frozen peas and carrots than 1 cup each of the frozen peas and carrots, but I used all of it and it is perfect.  I also didn't use garam masala, as mine is a bit old.  I used a biryani spice blend that I purchased at a market, and I made my own ginger garlic paste.  I will continue to make this recipe, as I have served it with lean, sliced pork, grilled chicken thighs, or alone.  It's very fragrant, and my husband loves it!

I've made this twice, once was great, once not so much.  I used 2 tsp of ground cinnamon instead of cinnamon stick, used 1 tsp garam masala, 1 tsp turmeric, 2 heaping tbsp golden raisins, 1 tbsp coriander, and a bay leaf.

