This was amazing. I served these on buns with Spicy Hot Garlic Chutney (also found on this site) and the Raita recipe from this submitter. I fried the patties in ghee in a cast iron skillet, pressing down with spatula when placed in pan and when flipped (to keep them nice and flat) and topped with cheese. The only change that I made was that instead of adding plain raw onions into the meat mixture, I used lightly pickled red onions instead.

A huge hit in my household and definitely a keeper and will be making many, many times in the future in place of plain American burgers.

Thaks your chapli kabab recipe is awesome.Thanks again for delicious recipe.

Great recipe. I made a couple of tweaks. The first was to put a red hot piece of coal in a metal bowl ( can line a ceramic bowl with foil) in the center and add some ghee to the coal causing it to smoke.  Keep the lid on for about 15 minutes to impart a smoky flavor. Secondly, to brush the patty with some ghee before frying it.

Delicious!.  Our local kabob house serves Chapli Kebabs, but they are too spicy for me.  I made this using one Indian green chili and omitting the cayenne.  i also left out the egg. The trick i think to keeping these from falling apart is to cut the tomatoes and onion small.  I fried the patties in a cast iron skillet on medium high heat and turned the patties over  when they were cooked through. Yum!

awesome!

Followed the recipe exactly but the patties would not stick together in while cooking.  They well apart.   So now I have a pile of mince beef.

Made it with ground chicken thighs. Tastes great.

This was amazing. I served these on buns with Spicy Hot Garlic Chutney (also found on this site) and the Raita recipe from this submitter. I fried the patties in ghee in a cast iron skillet, pressing down with spatula when placed in pan and when flipped (to keep them nice and flat) and topped with cheese. The only change that I made was that instead of adding plain raw onions into the meat mixture, I used lightly pickled red onions instead.

A huge hit in my household and definitely a keeper and will be making many, many times in the future in place of plain American burgers.

`I added corn flour to the recipe,and it turned out to be great!

the recipe was easy, it turned out great. No breaking while frying or anything. For best taste, serve with handmade roti/chapati and raita

