Flavorful and cooked well in the time stated. I removed the skin and they were not dried out.

We wanted to do something different with chicken. I did not like the sweetness that the recipe seemed to reflect with the ingredients listed, so I left out the brown sugar and the mint (not a fan of sweet and savory in the same dish - personal taste). Following all the other steps, this seemed like it was going to be something special. It was somewhat disappointing, and still ended up seeming too sweet. If Pakistani/Indian food is your thing, you will likely enjoy this.

Hubby wasn't a big fan of this but he did eat it. I really enjoyed it. I didn't realize it was supposed to be marinated.  While the oven was preheating I mixed about 3T lemon juice and 2T ketchup, applied to chicken legs and then generously sprinkled on the seasoning blend and carefully pressed it in. Cooked in roasting pan at 400 degrees. Also used 1 to 1.5 teaspoons of splenda brown sugar blend instead of the brown sugar. Sweet and savory, and chicken stayed tender and juicy. Will make again!

Made the recipe couple of times exactly as shown and it was a hit. Personally, I bump the seasonings and spices a bit.

I made this exactly as the recipe goes with no substitutions. I didn’t realize until I ate it that it has no salt. I added salt after I cooked it. It’s ok

Delicious and unique combination of spices. Definitely a keeper.

I made it exactly as written. Very delicious herbs. It was not hot/spicey but had a lovely Pakistani savory flavor. I will make it again.

Mediocre at best. Marinated overnight. I love Indian food and thought this would be great. Just not that tasty. Also 45 minutes at 400 is too much for boneless thighs unless yours are way thicker than mine. Won't make again but if I did, maybe 30 minutes at 400.

I made this and used it on 4 thighs because I like a heavy spice layer. It was delicious and the leftovers a couple of days later were just as good!  The second time I mixed a cup of plain greek yogurt with the spices to make a thick paste, and it added a nice tang to the crust.

Wonderful flavor though I did need to add salt.

I made this last night for my family.  I marinated the chicken in the spices all day in the refrigerator.  I grilled the chicken instead of roasting because I arrived home late.  It came out great and everyone was happy.  I would definitely put this in my list of keepers.  Thanks.

