YUMMY and FRAGRANT!!!  The scent kept bringing my whole family (ages 4-40) into the kitchen wondering when dinner would be ready.  I followed the recipe exactly except that I used fresh garlic instead of garlic powder.  Next time, I would wait until the very end of the cooking time to add the peas.  They were very dull colored and over-done.  I prefer my peas barely cooked and bright green.

I made this recipe the other day, and while it was very aromatic and made my whole house smell AMAZING, it was kind of lacking in the flavor department.

This is a really nice recipe...though I made some accidental & intentional changes that I think improves it.

==>Accidental: I misread the recipe, and only cooked 1 cup of rice, not 2 as the recipe calls for. Having done this, I think 1 cup of rice would be far too bland.

==>Intentional: (1) carmelized ~1/2 cup of raw onions (red are my go-to). (2) I sauteed 1-2 cloves garlic (I've made it 3 times in the past 2 weeks) instead of the garlic powder; (3) I added 1 tsp of cumin seeds.

==>Cooking: I thought the dirs were overly fussy. Instead, I brought the 2 cups of water to a boil w/all the spices except onion & garlic.  Cooked the rice 15 mins, then added in peas for the remaining 5 mins. Stirred in the onion & garlic just before serving. 

I will never eat plain rice again! :) Seriously, even serving it with other dishes I'd normally use plain rice for (Channa Masala, Dal, etc), the flavors did not overwhelm the "main" entree. Thanks!

Matar Pulao Haiku: "Smell was outstanding, subtle delightful flavor. But peas need more 'bite." I like green peas that pop both with color and texture, so I had to wait til the last few minutes of the rice cooking to add them (I'd previously thawed frozen ones so that the temperature wouldn't mess too much w/ the timing of the basmati, which was 18.5 min. for me, followed by 2 min. of off-heat rest w/ the lid still on.) And for the "it's bland!" whiners - basmati is a delicate rice, and this is meant to accompany a more robust main dish, not serve as the entree itself, so when you scoop it up w/ whatever else you've prepared (grilled chicken and asparagus for us), that light flavor is extraordinary, no additional seasoning needed! (Well, OK, maybe a little extra salt couldn't hurt, but shame-on-me, I like salt alot.)

A lot of work and when preparing it smelled so good, but was not that flavorful when done.

Add two heaping tablespoons of yogurt after frying the peas with the spices for a few minutes...makes the rice moist and tender. I also add bay leaves and 1 tbsp cumin seeds to the spice mix.

Really, I give this recipe a 4.5 only because I added one ingredient that is not listed and that was garam marsala taken from another rater. I made this for my family two days ago and they loved it. NOw, I am back on here to print the recipe and make it for 50 people.

I made this recipe the other day, and while it was very aromatic and made my whole house smell AMAZING, it was kind of lacking in the flavor department.

I think this was supposed to be good but I must have messed up the seasoning somewhere. My rice turned out bland. Don't be shy about seasoning with salt.

In my opinion, this rice dish is unnecessarily flavourless, but then perhaps that is because I am more used to the spicy Indian dishes. --Not a recipe I would make again.

This is an amazing dish.  I generally add about 1/2 tsp of garam masala to the garlic powder paste for just a bit more flavor.  Additionally (as indianakg stated), extra time for cooking the basmati is NOT necessary.  I would never have believed it when I first started cooking Basmati either, but as long as a) the mixture continues to boil and b) you have a tight-fitting lid on your skillet, 10-15 minutes is honestly all it takes!  I cook it MUCH more often now that I know this!  :)

