quick, easy, and delish.  I used 2.10 # of boneless breasts and cut them into chunk size pieces and just simmered them in the sauce.  I could see by the quantity of dry rice that it was wayyyyy too much.  I just scaled it down to what I normally use...1 cup rice to 2 cups water.  Didn't have any cardamom pods so used 1/2 tsp. ground cardamom.  Also stuck 4 cloves in w/the rice and frozen peas.  Used heaping 1/4 tsp. tumeric for the yellow color.  Very nice dish.  Definitely recommend the cilantro.  It adds a nice layer of flavor to the dish.

Lots of ingredients with not enough flavor.  Portion size was huge...

Amazing ❤️

Never tried this recipe, because it is not even remotely close to any biriyani recipe. If you want to try out Biriyani, please ignore this recipe.

I followed the recipe exactly & agree with halving the rice part of this recipe but keeping everything else the same.  The chicken gets a bit lost in all that rice.  I'm still giving it 5 stars though.  I've made this before and will make it again.   I served this with Curry Stand Chicken Tikka Masala Sauce from this site - great meal, raves from everyone.  Most had seconds and I still had leftovers to send home with guests.  I made this earlier in the day, refrigerated it until an hour or so before dinner, covered it foil and reheated in 300F oven.  Great.

That looks delish

Yummy yumm yum!  I love this recipe.  Suprised hubby with it.  He is from Pakistan. (and me I am a white girl from the midwest.)  This is easy to follow.  Only difference I made was cut down on the chilies. I only used one.. otherwise..OUCH!  So Delicious!!

Next time I'll use a little less oil, but this was fantastic! No leftovers tonight!

I played around with the spices til it was to our taste. The other changes I made were to use fresh mint, and canned  tomatoes; I used turmeric to color the rice yellow; I also added about half a cup of heavy cream that needed using up. This turned out really good. Thanks!

quick, easy, and delish.  I used 2.10 # of boneless breasts and cut them into chunk size pieces and just simmered them in the sauce.  I could see by the quantity of dry rice that it was wayyyyy too much.  I just scaled it down to what I normally use...1 cup rice to 2 cups water.  Didn't have any cardamom pods so used 1/2 tsp. ground cardamom.  Also stuck 4 cloves in w/the rice and frozen peas.  Used heaping 1/4 tsp. tumeric for the yellow color.  Very nice dish.  Definitely recommend the cilantro.  It adds a nice layer of flavor to the dish.

Far too much rice and, although the flavour is nice it needs more.  The next time I will make only half of the rice and double the garam masala.  Otherwise, it was a hit with the family.

