Yum!  This one is GOOD and EASY to make.  I misread the recipe and added the vinegar to the mango batch.  I decided not to let it sit overnight and I just cooked it on low for about an hour till it thickened.  I left it in the back of the fridge for a couple of days.  It doesn't have that golden colour (that was probably because I didn't properly caramelize the sugar) but it tastes great.  Very mild even though I doubled the chili.  I will make this again as it satisfied my craving for mango chutney.  Oh and I made the garlic ginger paste by putting the ingredients into a small food processor instead.  Thanks! Update:  2 weeks later and the flavours are amazing!!!!  I'm literally eating this out of a jar with a spoon.  The only problem with this recipe is the whole spices obviously aren't edible.  However they are essential as they make the chutney taste so good!  I'd suggest serving it in a separate bowl and picking out the spices before serving.

Not sure what happened here but I ended up with a runny, syrupy, unappetizing mess that I haven't even worked up the gumption to taste!  It was very thin and wasn't thickening at all so cooked for 1.5 hours, still didn't reduce....I followed the recipe to the letter.  Disappointing because it was quite a challenge getting all the spices necessary as  I live in a very remote place.  :(........ EDIT:  I just drained off alot of the liquid and processed the pulp through the food processor to break down the strips.....it is very very good and tasty.  Definately will make again, but maybe cut down the sugar so I don't end up with so much syrup.

Very good taste but my chutney ended up thick as jam.

Easy Recipe To Assemble. It Is Suggested; Unripe Mango's Be Used. To Remove Skin just Toss Mango's One at a Time in Microwave for 15 seconds on high setting or Steam for 30 seconds before trying to remove skin.
The final Chutney tastes similar to "Major Greys" Indian Chutney....Excellent Recipe!

It's Mango Season here in SoFla and someone gave me a bunch of green mangoes, so I decided to try this.  I made the mistake of not reading the directions and added the vinegar the night before with the rest of the ingredients (oops!).  It was still FANTASTIC.  I will be making this anytime I get unripe mangoes.

This recipe is awesome! So very tasty. My nephew made a batch and gave me a bottle. I would certainly have my nephew make it again and share with me!

This recipe is awesome! So very tasty. My nephew made a batch and gave me a bottle. I would certainly have my nephew make it again and share with me!

I put all ingredients in a slow cooker on Low covered for 3 hours. Than cook uncovered 1-2 hours stir in 2/3 envelope of 
Certo Sure Jell (liquid) until blended. Than jar.

It was very good, and my husband loved it. I will for sure make it again.

Excellent!  This recipe hits all the flavors that make chutney so wonderful and addictive.  It is also easy to modify to your own preference for heat and spice. I didn't change anything, though, and everyone loved it

I have made this recipe 5 times. It gets rave s from everyone I serve.  I find it  somewhat mild for my taste, which is  whyy I sometimess divide the recipe into 2 parts. No change to one of them and to the other I add Habanero Pepper powder. I like the Habanero because it adds thats nice little After! Burrrrn at the back end.
For those who havve trouble with the mortar & pestle I suggest a ceramic grater, used for ginger and garlic (be careful w/garlic- grating makes it very Hot). I got mine at a Flea Market, have seen them in the $10 onTV shelf,  Asian markets. I find it to be an invaluable tool. I grated my garlic and ginger and then mashed it some more in the mortar. Overkill? Less work & tasted great! In my kitchen those two things count.

