In constant search of cheap meal ideas, I decided to give this a try.  As written, I would have to rate this a 2 because lentils don't need to be soaked before cooking and the recipe calls for too much water-the general ratio is 2 parts water to one part lentils.  If I had followed the directions of the recipe, this would have been REALLY watery/liquidy and I think pretty gross.  Here is what I did . . .  I rinsed 2 cups of brown lentils and simmered them with 4 cups of water, adding more water as needed until they were cooked to the right texture (was doubling the recipe).  I added 5 cloves of chopped garlic and doubled the rest of the spices, except the cayenne (too spicy for my 3 yr old).  As it simmered, it smelled good but looked boring so I sauteed some shredded carrots, yellow bell pepper, and zucchini in a separate pan while I caramelized the onion (a whole one).  When the lentils were done, I added the sauteed veggies and the caramelized onions to the pot and stirred it up.  I served it over Basmati Rice, topped it with cilantro and it still needed something.  Paneer would have been great but I didn't have it so used some white crumbly Mexican cheese on the top (feta would have been great too).  The end result was amazingly delicious!  I will definitely make it again-in the future, I will add more veggies, caramelize 2 onions, cut down the lentils and use veggie broth to simmer the lentils in, plus add paneer to the top.  Thanks for the idea and great spice combinati

The flavor was good, but the recipe seemed to call for way to much water as my lentils became a pot of mush.

good side dish, used 2 cups lentils, 4 cups water.  Added 1 green chili to try and make it spicier, flavor is good but for me I think I would add more spices and chilis next time. I also grated in some ginger.

This dish has become a staple in our household and is my three year old's favorite dish. I do make a few changes as per my taste. I double the coriander, turmeric, and cumin. I only use 1/8th of a teaspoon of the cayenne pepper because the full amount is too spicy for my daughter and I use 1 tsp of salt.  I mince the garlic cloves rather than leaving them whole and instead of slicing the onion I use one whole chopped onion. I don't soak the lentils ahead of time and it comes out with a great consistency.

The flavour was bland. The recipe only made enough for one person and was really watery. Also, it took at least an hour to cook instead of 30 minutes. There are much better curry recipes out there.

This was very good.  I made it for vegetarian friends and they were impressed.  My husband and I like it just because it tastes good.

I made this for dinner tonight, and it's amazing! I followed the advice of other commenters and doubled the spices... I also added potatoes (because yum) and purple carrots (because I needed to use them before they went bad). I didn't have any raw garlic, or onions on hand, so unfortunately I had to sub with ground, but don't think that made a terribly huge difference. And I had no cilantro, so that's out as well.... I agree that it is a bit soupy, but if I'd had rice to serve it with, it would've been perfect.  I will definitely be making this in the future, hopefully with rice and cilantro next time! :P

Am making this now and it smells lovely but as others have said, there is too much water so I'm boiling the lentils at a higher heat to evaporate faster.

Truly authentic recipe, it turns out really good!! We do need to soak the lentils overnight at least for proper tenderness and to lessen the cooking time. It is ok not to soak it when you're using pressure cooker or something to cook the lentils in.

The flavors of this lentil curry are very complementary and are fabulous. I will definitely make this again. Had I heeded the advice of others and reduced liquid, I would have rated this recipe with five stars. I did soak the lentils for a little over an hour, and cooked the lentils longer than recommended (simply out of my convenience in preparing the meal). By the way, I served this with Roti bread, flounder as the main entree, and Pinot Grigio wine. Spectacular!

These lentils came out super tasty. I didn't use red lentils and I halfed the recipe, incorporated it with the Vegetable Curry recipe from this site and served over rice with the naan recipe also from this site. It was delicious! Thank you.

