10.23.18 I followed this recipe to the letter, and there’s one thing that I will change. There’s a lot of fat that cooks out of the ground beef that IMO needs to be drained.  The recipe doesn’t tell you to do that, but I usually do, but didn’t today. If you brown the fresh tomatoes with the meat, if you drain it, you’re losing all of that sweet juice from the tomatoes. And although the final product was very good, it was greasy. So in the future, I will brown the meat, drain the fat, and then add tomatoes along with the remaining ingredients to simmer. On the positive side, this had very different flavors which we thoroughly enjoyed, and I definitely will make it again.

Had I read the review that recommended cooking the beef first and draining the fat, and done so,  I would have given the recipe a higher rating. But there were a couple of other things that I think need to be modified. First, you don't need 6T of olive oil to saute the onion. Two or three would be sufficient, and the finished dish would be less greasy. Second, the amount of black pepper is excessive. It was the only change to the recipe I made, cutting back to 1/2 tsp. Even then I thought the pepper overwhelmed the curry powder. If I make it again I will further cut back the black pepper. Thirdly, if this isn't your first exposure to curry, and you like curry, I would increase the amount to taste. If these changes are made, I would increase the rating to 5 stars, especially since the leftovers, eaten the next day, tasted even better.

We love this recipe and it is one of the favorites in our home. I always make some naan to go with this. The only change up that my family prefers is that instead of green peas I add Chick Peas or Garbanzo Beans depending on what part of the Country you are in is what you call them. They give it a heartiness that we just love. You may need to add a touch more liquid if you don't care for it to be very thick.  Delicious!

I love this dish and have made it several times and it's always been a hit.

I enjoy this recipe as is! But I suggest that you read through the many comments about it that follow my comment from today, 9-21-22! Remember, this recipe is at least 4 years old by now, and, unlike many comments posted by allrecipes members about recipes, there are many about this recipe that I found to be very useful, and you will too!  For example, several have commented about the cooking of the ground beef! I always learn something from the many ways that home chefs claim they cook their ground beef . In this recipe, the O/P did not specify doing any draining off step, allowing the rendered fat and water to remain in the skillet. I think that ground beef loses a lot of its beefy goodness when the fat and water from the cooking gets discarded. So I no longer discard them. I make it a point, however, to allow the water to boil off, and to do this, while avoiding the burning of the ground beef on the bottom of the skillet, I apply a very old and trusted technique ..... constant stirring of the ground beef! Getting some pieces very brown, but not blackened!  Then I begin with the tomatoes and begin to cook! Thanks for listening to my comments. I make this recipe once a month, never skimping on the cayenne! Happy cooking!

Just love it 🥰

It was just kinda alright. I had to add extra curry powder, lime juice and honey to give it some oomph. Before that is was kinda bland. Not a make again.

Made with ground moose meat and served with mango chutney. Superb!

I thought this recipe was very tasty.   I used a semi-drained can of diced tomatoes instead of fresh and followed the advice of one reviewer and substituted some grated carrot for the canned peas during the sauteing step and it turned out great.  I'll definitely make it again!

Very good recipe. If you like alot of flavor add more seasoning and adjust it to your taste.

