My husband and I dine at Indian/Pakistani restaurants frequently.  I enjoy the cuisine, but my husband is a fanatic.  I finally made this recipe after adding it to my recipe box almost a year ago. It was so easy to prepare...I've avoided making this food at home because most recipes I've seen are very complicated.  I got all the spices needed and a large package af naan at an Indian grocery for only $8.00, much cheaper than a regular supermarket, IF you can even find all of them there.  The only change I made was that I added flour and water  right before serving to improve the consistency because the sauce was very thin.  I also simmered it over medium to medium-low heat rather than low, because it just didn't seem to be cooking. I served it over a bed of steamed basmati rice.  It turned out wonderful...very authentic and unbelievably easy.  My husband couldn't stop raving, and he wants me to make it often. Superb!

I use 2 large onions and after frying them whizz them in the blender with a little water. This helps to thicken the gravy.

I had this filed under roasts so I used a chuck roast, but next time will probably use  some inexpensive cut of steak.  I think it would be better to have extra of the yogurt sauce to serve with the garnishes,

Frequent go to entertaining dish or family dinner. The receipe is great! I experiment with different cuts of meat and their preperation to find ways to make it a little more tender but the flavor is always something to look forward to.

Cut the meat as thin as possible. Could not find black cumin, so used regular cumin.  Served with Naan.

Delicious.

This is a family favorite. I have been making it from this recipe for a long time now and we get cravings for this wonderful recipe! You can add more spice if you do roast, I like to have a roast I marinate it with all the dry spices then add more to the yogurt sauce to taste and we eat it on pita Naan from Allrecipes!

This dish is great!
Be careful to not over cook the meat or keep it very low temperature for a more extended period of time.
The flavor is wonderful. Has been very well enjoyed by both family and guests, and I will absolutely be making this again, frequently, in the future. (plus it's fairly inexpensive and easy, bonus!)

Listening to other users worried about toughness, I tried using cube steak instead of beef cubes or stew meat.   I also added a dash of cardamom to the marinade, and added mixed peppers to the onion.  I suppose you could add a can of beer to the pot liquid.  Not exactly a Pakistani thing but might make a good addition.  The cube steak was still a little tough.  Perhaps cooking in a pressure cooker or marinating overnight might make a difference.   I will try that next time.

This was very good! The only thing I did differently was to cook two green chilies with the onions.  Then, I just added a little cornstarch to thicken the gravy up a little. I would also reduce the oil by about half next time.

Was not a fan. The meat was tough on the outside and chewy not a lot of flavour. Not my thing

My husband is Indian so I'm always on the lookout for an Indian or Pakistani dish that isn't too difficult to make. My husband actually loves this dish!! The only thing I do differently is cook it in a pressure cooker, makes the meat so tender!! Very simple and flavorful dish!

