Simple tasty dish. I only used a few shakes of cayenne :) Recipe didn't state, so I drained the tomatoes and glad I did; all the broth left it a bit soupy, and I never did cover it. Next time I will use more of the other spices, less broth and perhaps a touch of sugar. DBF really liked this, but DS not so much. 4 servings might be understating, unless this is meant to be the main course; as a side, I would call it 6-8 servings. I served with homemade naan, yum!

Cut the cayenne way back, because my family doesn't like spicy food. Without it, though, we thought the recipe didn't have enough flavor. Doubling the remaining spices would probably make a big difference.

I had cauliflower and spinach in my fridge I wanted to use up and found this recipeThe flavors were deliciousI made it exactly as written and served with Basmati riceNext time I will throw in some garbs or white beans for more protein

Added this as a side for an Indian dinner. Doubled the garlic but left all ingredients the same. Heat was perfect. Definitely a winner!

Excellent dish and complements a chicken dish with naan bread. I did cut back on the cayenne based on other reviews. I would make this again just the way it is.

Also added some asparagus when I added spinach. Served with warm naan.

Excellent! Sauteed chicken breast first, removed from pan, then followed recipe directions.  Added one packaged sliced mushrooms to the onions and cauliflower stage.   Cut back red pepper to 1/3 tspn.  Thickened sauce with cornstarch.

This was really good, I did also add some sweet potato.  Served with basmati rice and naan.

I added a medium sized sweet potato and only used half a large cauliflower but it was fabulous.  I didn't think there was too much liquid, in fact I was considering adding more stock.  And I would even consider adding more cayenne or chillies.

Definitely making it again.

It was delicious! Used a little less broth and drained the tomatoes like some others recommended.

I love how this dish turned out! It was a great recipe to use up spinach, cauliflower, and tomatoes I had hanging around, but it turned out super tasty as well. And I love how chock-full of vegetables it is. I will definitely make this dish again. 

I did make changes to the recipe based on the ingredients I had on hand. I used fresh tomatoes instead of canned, so I threw them in with the cauliflower and onion for a couple minutes to break them down, rather than adding them after the spices. I used curry powder instead of coriander and water instead of veggie broth, because I didn't have the listed ingredients on hand. Even though I used water, this dish turned out very flavorful.

