Great flavor and wonderful seasonings but I made a lot of revisions.   First I used 2 pounds stew meat rather than 1/2, and I didn't boil the beef, I dredged it in seasoned and browned it, then set it aside. I omitted parsnips (what are parsnips anyway?) and zucchini. Rather than go through the whole roasting pan ordeal, I dumped the browned beef & 1 can of beef broth into the pot with veggies, added a cup of water put the lid on & simmered for about 1 1/2 hours.   The only change I will make next time would be to add the apples about half way through, because they were a bit soggy after cooking. Other than that, it's DELICIOUS! Wasn't too spicy for my kids either.

This was very good, tho I didn't add the parsnips (didn't have) or the raisins and nuts (don't like in food) - the curry isn't overpowering, which makes it good for my husband.

In progress, ingredients are very appealing. Although much a pealing to do... looks great so far. I couldn't find locally sourced parsnips, so substituted a turnip. We'll see if turning up the volume does anything bad. check my other substitutions in the pic

Delicious!  Floured and browned the beef first, then put in crockpot for 4 hrs., added 3/4 can of coconut milk as someone suggested, also doubled curry,  last 1/2 hr. added cashews and raisins.

This is a very tasty and comforting food.  I made it how the receipt calls for.  Next time I will not boil the meat but sear it in the pan that the veggies get cooked in.  Then cook it for less time in the oven.  Also I might try to add coconut milk in it to sweeten it and add another depth of flavor.

This was okay.  The recipe was followed, with the omittance of cashews, as none were on hand.

The beef needed another 30 minutes of slow cooking.  We both felt it needed a bit more flavor, be it curry, garlic or seasonings.

This is a great recipe!! We only used half of the recipe, the other half went in the freezer. So to half of this recipe, I added 1 can coconut milk, (just because we love it, and it makes a nice sauce) tablespoon of mango chutney, more curry powder, and used left over roast beef, which I added near the end of the baking time, with the apples. Thanks for sharing this recipe!!

Fantastic!  A flavorful escape from our norm and even the kids enjoyed it.   I forgot to buy the beef so we did just the vegetables and used beef broth as the liquid (also threw in a rutabaga).  The house smelled so good while it was cooking.  We used extra garlic but still found that the ginger was the strongest flavor.  Looking for the 5 spice, I found Dukkah blend at Trader Joe's: almonds, sesame seeds, fennel seeds, coriander, anise seeds, and kosher salt.  Used about a tablespoon of that with the curry and turmeric but forgot to add cinnamon and cloves.  Overall, it was better than I thought it would be.

This was heavenly!  And wow, did it smell good cooking.  I think you could use just about any combination of vegetables and it would work.  We served it with saffron rice and naan, and it was delicious.  Thank you so much for posting this!

This was heavenly!  And wow, did it smell good cooking.  I think you could use just about any combination of vegetables and it would work.  We served it with saffron rice and naan, and it was delicious.  Thank you so much for posting this!

