This was a great vegetarian dish!  I only made two changes - I used ground cumin instead of seeds (so I added the tomatoes and all of the dry seasonings to the pan first thing) and I added the onions a few minutes before the chickpeas so they could cook longer.  I left it on low heat on the stove until the juice was thick and the it was delicious!  I will definitely make this again.

First of all, two tomatoes is not enough.  I used 7 roma tomatoes and wish I had used about 10.  Secondly, why put the onions in last?  Shouldn't they be sauteed first so they aren't hard?  I put the tomatoes infirst and then simmered the seasonings.  I also had to double the cumin and chili powder.

I think the core concepts of this recipe are good but the details? Not so good. First, I agree - start simmering the onions in step 1. I would maybe add some minced garlic as well. Second - two tomatoes, unless they are huge like beefeaters, are just not enough. I ended up adding a Can of petite diced. And then, with the extra tomatoes, I felt I needed to double the spices - which I did. I simmered on medium low until most of the juices cooked down. While easy - flavors were only so so for us.  Glad we tried! Thanks Komal!

I didn't have enough fresh tomatoes, so used a can of diced.  This was so delicious! Already made a second time!

Didn't have cumin but the chili powder did so I was generous with that spice and added a hint of tumeric and paprika.  It was so delish!

I used double the salt and chilli powder and added a teaspoon of powdered cumin too as well as the seeds - great recipe.

This is a very good recipe, but having a Pakistani husband, most dishes like this have a bit more spice.  I made the recipe exactly as is the first time, and he felt something was missing.  So, the second time, I made a few minor modifcations.  I added 1/4 tsp turmeric, 1/4 tsp more of the cayenne pepper, and 1/2 tsp dried coriander.  I also cooked the onions halfway, then added the cumin seeds and 1 serrano pepper before adding the additional spices.  After doing this, my husband asks for it daily!  If you are sensitive to spicy foods, don't increase the cayenne or add the serrano pepper.

I cooked the onions first and then everything else.   I pureed 1/3 of the chickpeas. Next time I would try to puree all of them and have them as a dip. Add some Tahini  into it.

Nice recipe...it's a very refreshing and light dish. My changes: I sauteed the onions before adding the tomato, doubled the spices, added 2 tsp of garam masala, 1 tsp of coriander, 1/2 tsp of ginger and doubled the tomato. I added a half tbsp of butter and a little chicken broth, and simmered it for over an hour to further soften the chickpeas and vegetables.

Next time, I'll try doubling the spices yet again and add some chiles for more kick.

Super easy and good!!

I was thoroughly impressed with this recipe. Taking one of the reviews into account, I replaced the tomatoes with a full can of crushed tomatoes so I could serve it over rice. I also added a bit more lemon juice, since I love the tartness. So good.

