Tried this recipe last night and -- overall -- a tasty dish. I’ve had this several times in my favorite NYC Persian restaurant and would like to offer a few suggestions:

1.)	In order to balance the potentially overpowering taste of the various spices, include about two tablespoons of lemon juice (or the juice of one lemon) and two or three tablespoons of sugar. This helps balance the flavor and seems more authentic to the dish – I think.
2.)	Also, do watch the cooking time. Mine was ready in about 1 hour and 45 minutes.  

This is pretty close to the authentic way of preparing the dish. It is, however, an acquired taste.

This recipe sounded delicious but I found there are some problems with it.  First, the cardamom TOTALLY OVERPOWERED the entire dish.  Maybe I used the wrong kind (I don't think so) or it happened because I used the spice rather than freshly ground (also don't think so), but it really took over the entire dish.  Second, next time I would use about 1/2 or 3/4 as much walnut, because it made the juice too thick.  That part is just a preference.  I'm going to try thins again sans cardamom or with just a dash.

This came out really tasty, will definitely be making again. I used a whole chicken and baked in a dutch oven.

I've never eaten this dish before, so I don't really have a set idea of what it is supposed to taste like.  However, I love trying new foods and was interested in seeing what this would turn out like.  I thought it was interesting although not sure I'm a huge fan.  Hubs was not a fan at all and wanted to know where the other leftovers were.  He ate this but wasn't thrilled.  I'm thinking his dislike stems from the cardamom, which he hasn't really seemed to like in any dish.  I'm also willing to admit this could totally be my fault that we didn't like it--I did leave out the saffron because I'm not interested in using an expensive spice just for the color.  I love saffron for the flavor.  However, I did base that decision on the one review that mentioned it, so perhaps if I'd kept it in we would've enjoyed it more.  Thanks for the recipe!

This is mighty tasty! WOW. So impressed with it. Even just the walnuts and pomegranate mixture in the first steps was amazing! (I might just use it as a PB&J replacement once in a while) ;-) 
Spices were fantastic, although you do have to love cardamom (who doesn't?!) I made mine using Pomegranate Molasses (basically just reduced juice with a bit of sugar and lemon juice). And you can easily adjust the saltiness and sweetness of this dish at the end to your preference.

This tastes good....but I find the texture odd with the granules of walnuts still somewhat intact (though I ground them in my food processor).  And as the other person mentioned, it's not such an attractive dish.  But again, it tastes good.  Be sure to serve it alongside a colorful dish (such as a nice salad) to "spruce it up" color-wise!

a lot of work to prepare.  family only liked it.  I loved it

Great, easy fesen joon recipe. I am Iranian & used this recipe several times, well received by all.

I wasn't sure if I liked this at first but it does grow on you as you eat it. It has an unusual taste. I replaced the pomegranate juice with a tablespoon of pomegranate molasses. I omitted the squash (didn't have any) and it still tasted very good.

I don't want to give this a bad rating, because I absolutely LOVE persian food, and my friends and I will drive 45 minutes to go to this restaurant that prepares a similiar dish.  However, for some reason it didn't work.  I tasted the sauce and it seemed fine before I put it in the oven, but after two hours, it looked and tasted gross.  There was no flavour and I couldn't taste the saffron at all.  I'm pretty sure that I did something wrong, as this recipe is fantastic in Persian restaurants.

This dish is absolutely amazing!  This is supposed to be a very difficult Persian dish to make and it was my first time ever making the dish, but the recipe is so straight-forward and easy to follow.  I used eggplant instead of squash because I didn't have squash and I had seen eggplants in other recipes for Fesenjoon and it worked perfectly.

