This "Persian Rice" recipe is how rice is prepared in Iran. I will add the following notes: (i) rinsing the starch out of the rice is of paramount importance and is usually done by swishing the rice around in a bowl of water and draining several times until the rinse water is clear (described as "rinsed rice" in this recipe, and shown as water running over rice in a sieve in the video); (ii) cumin in the potato crust ("tahdig") may be a regional variation but it is not common (at least not in Tehran) (sounds good though); (iii) sometimes the pot of steamed rice is just inverted over a plate with the potato crust left in place. If you want to do this, you need to have a few tricks up your sleeve to stop the potatoes and rice from sticking to the pot. For the potatoes, rinse the starch off the slices, dry them, and slide them around in the hot oil (so they are not sticking) before adding the rice on top of them. For the rice, use a wide spatula or egg lifter to mound the rice in the center of the pot (away from the sides) before steaming it. Before inverting the pot of steamed rice over a plate, put the bottom of the hot pot of rice (after steaming) in a sink of cold water to loosen the potato crust; (iv) always put a towel under the pot lid (as described in the recipe) or you will have soggy rice; (v) it is not necessary to add butter when steaming the rice (common but optional).   Kudos to Chef John for very clearly explaining this method of preparing rice (video)! Nice work!

Followed instructions, but much of rice was crunchy (as in cooked too much, not undercooked) and potatoes were too hard/overcooked. Guess I could make thicker potato slices and cook it for less time, but I think I'll try a different recipe next time.

Loved this Chef John!! The video was awesome too.

A never-fail recipe; delicious every time!I serve this alongside grilled lamb kabobs (Koubideh) and halved tomatoes.

The potatoes turned out well but my rice was dry. I have never tried to cook rice this way before so I’ll accept some beginners failure as the cause, but I was hopeful since the instructions were very specific! Not sure what went wrong.

Just spent thanksgiving with an Iranian-American family.  Loved the rice, it was light and soft. They used tortillas at the bottom of the pan instead of potatoes. 

My mom is Panamanian, my sister in law, Japanese. It amazes me how different and the same we all make our rice dishes.  

This rice seemed so complicated when  described it, but this recipe is actually  is very easy.  

We use Azafran (the Spanish word for Saffron) to make our rice yellow. It comes from the stamen of the Safflower while Iranians use the very expensive Saffron……the stamen of the Crocus. 

Azafran is very easy to grow in the SW. the plant is like a yellow thistle with thorns. I use a tweezer to remove the flower tems. 

Happy T. Day.

This was such a different way of preparing rice (paper towels…really?) but the cumin, saffron and butter were strong indicators that this might be a good recipe to try. We frequently make lamb kabobs and the rich yet subtle flavors are a good side dish that doesn’t upstage the main course. I would use more than a pinch of saffron next time.

I’ve never made this type of rice before but it turned out perfectly and the entire family loved it!  Definitely going to become a regular addition to our special Shabbat meals!

Delicious. Perfectly fluffy and a hint of savory flavor from the potatoes and seasoning. Paired well with sliced onions with sumac, garlic herb butter potatoes, Mediterranean side salad, and lamb chops.

Made it exactly like the recipe and this is how I cook rice, from now on. Love it so much, this vegetarian will make it again and again!

Love this rice very fluffy and simple...

