I am Persian also, and I agree that Maast-o-Khiar can not be forgotten in any meal. 

A tip for anyone making this is if don't use garlic. Garlic makes the dish taste a little less tasty. Also, the tradition is to use a grater to grate the cucumbers, not to cube them! Just thought I would share with everyone.

We just did not care for this as written...WAY too much cucumber (we used 3 english) and dill for the amount of yogurt.  We started over - vastly reducing those items and maintaining the other ingredients as written and it was much more to our liking.

I've been making Maast-o Khaiar for years and dill is NEVER used, dried mint only that is pulverized to mint powder. The cucumbers are NEVER cut in chunks, they are peeled, the seeds removed and then grated, and the juice squeezed out, so the  grated cucumber is dry.  Add cucumber, mint, a sprinkle of salt and pepper mix well, refrigerate. This is Maast o Khiar.

I loved this! I did not need anywhere near so much, so I went with about 1/6 the amount of everything except I omitted the shallot and kept the minced clove of garlic. I also added about a teaspoon of minced fresh mint, the juice from half of a lemon, and used Greek yogurt. I shredded the cucumber instead of chopping it. I hadn’t realized I’d made so many changes! Sorry! It was very good though, and now I want to put it on everything.

I make a quart of this a week! I put it on everything now. 
I use regular plain yogurt but I am going to try it with Greek style soon.

This is so easy and quick to make.  I added a few chili flakes, and diced my cucumber in small cubes as preferred it chunky, also some raisins but this is such a light refreshing snack and you can adjust it in several ways.  Thank you so much for posting this recipe.  I didn't have any dill on hand but it didn't detract in any way.

I drained the yogurt before making the recipe. Really liked this a lot.

My In-laws (from India) LOVED this! I'm the new star in the family. I made this to accompany the "Moroccan Lamb Kabobs" (see my review on All-Recipes), and there was none left. I followed the recipe for a serving of 4, grated the cumber to keep this as a dressing for the kabobs and followed the rest of the recipe as is, garlic and all, it was perfect. The only thing I might do is add a bit more salt. Oh, and I used low-fat yogurt because that's what I had on hand. My in-laws want me to make some to keep stocked in their fridge.

this recipe is ok as is, but we always make it with dried mint, never dill.  i also grate the cucumber and i do not add garlic.  sometimes i add walnut and craisins.

it was good a little bland

Grated the cucumber as others suggested and substituted a tablespoon of chopped red onion for the shallot.  We loved it with the "Middle Eastern Rice with Black Beans" on this site.

