This recipe hit all the spots.  The flavor was divine, as confirmed by my persian missus and step-son (I'm not).   I like cooking trying to replicate their home cooking even though I've only probably had it a few times and this one was better than anytime I've had it professionally or home cooked by persians.  I did use an Instant Pot instead as I've had better luck that way (36 mins on Meat/(high pressure) + natural release).  It is straight forward to adapt.  I've done lamb shanks braised in oven many times and it is similar but with the IP I find the meat even more tender and flavorful and easier to control.

The meat turned out incredibly tender. The flavor of the lamb was good. The broth had a prominent flavor I couldnt pinpoint that I tempered with sugar and a little extra cinnamon when reducing. I did omit the rose water because it isnt something I ever use and is too expensive for just a tsp or two. Btw, my 32 month old couldnt get enough of this lamb which shocked both parents.

1) Remove shanks,  put into oven safe container,
     pour broth over , cover dish with foil,  put
     into pre heated oven. 
 2) Pour flour into large bowl. 
      Remove several ladles, cool. 
3)  When cool,  combine flour/ broth .
      Whisk.  When thick enough,  pour into broth
      on stove. Whisk to combine, bring to boil.
4)  Add 4 oz. of pomegranate  juice to mix...
       OR to taste...
5) When thick & tasty enough... pull shanks from 
      oven,  pour thickened sauce over. 
6)  Serve with saffron rice...
7)  ENJOY...
8)  Take the left over sauce and freeze....
       Add to your cooking liquid the next time you
       make this.......

I have made this recipe twice now. It is a lot of work to prepare, but that is part of the fun of cooking. The first time I made it, I browned the shanks and made the sauce, but added it to a pyrex dish, added the broth to cover the meat and then baked covered in the oven, first at 425 for 30 min and then reduced heat to 375 for another 2 hours. When I tasted the sauce it was too sharp, so I added 1/3 cup of brown sugar to the sauce as I reduced it on a pot on the stove. I also added a few chopped prunes to the sauce. The meat was delicious, very tender and the sauce was fantastic. It had all the flavors of the spices, but was much richer and mellow rather than only following the recipe. I made it for the second time this week, using my modifications, and again it was delicious. I can only give 3 stars though due to the modifications made.

By the way, its not an Asian dish,  its a Middle Eastern dish :))

