Personally, I thought this dish was a nice change from the ordinary.

Let me tell you what I did differently...

I replaced half  of the pomegranate juice with chicken broth.  

I used boneless chicken breasts instead of the bone in chicken.  My recommendation would be to take others advice and use the boneless chicken thighs.  (The chicken was a little dry.)

This stew deffinetly could use some brightening at the end.  I garnished with some chopped parsley.  It was still a little sweet for my taste though so I added a few sliced green olives.  I have to say, it was delicious with the olives.  It had the sweet/salty thing going on!

I served with flatbread and rice trying to decided which would be better.  The flat bread was the winner, in my opinion.  All in all, I would make it again.

I really wanted to like this, but found the tart flavor too strong and overpowering. I wish I had followed other reviews and used half pom juice, half chicen broth.

There are 2 types of Fesenjan, sour and sweet. I like the sour one better. If you are like me skip adding sugar and enjoy the sour taste

This was very good!  I followed the recipe almost exactly (left the chicken drumsticks whole) and it turned out great! The chicken was very tender, and practically fell off the bone. It's a nice sweet and savoury dish that goes well over rice. I'll make no changes to this dish the next time I make it, it's perfect as is.

Amazing flavor and texture. My kids gobble it down. Made a substitution of 1 part cinnamon and 1 part ginger since I couldn't find cardamom in my local grocery store. Making it again tonight for dinner!

I make this dish whenever I get the chance. Using full pomegranate juice defintely results in a tart end product, but the sugar and spices really work well with it. I generally use drumsticks, but boneless/skinless thighs reduce the work and chicken breast can be cooked with it a little later in the process (so they don't dry out). Sometimes I add a little cinnamon/ground cloves as well. Paired with rice and/or flatbread and some plain yogurt it makes a fantastic meal. Everyone who has tried it has raved and asked for the recipe. Can also be converted to a crockpot cooking method, though the flavors don't seem to come through as well. Leftovers are also very good. Just an all-around winner!

This was absolutely delicious. I used chicken thighs and substituted 4 whole green cardamom pods for the 1/2 teaspoon of cardamom. I also added 2 cups of  fresh carrot chunks, which nicely balanced the tartness of the pomegranate juice (instead of using sugar).  The sauce didn't thicken sufficiently for my taste so I boiled it down to the desired thickness.

I've always loved fesenjan but had no idea it'd be so simple to make. This turned out great! Thank you!

AWESOME!! I make this receipe almost every week.

I substituted two cans of whole chickpeas for the chicken and it came out as a really nice vegetarian meal.

I made this last night.  My sauce did turn out a nice brown color. I used chicken thighs (took the skin off).  I am wondering when reading other's reviews if they did not use PURE pomegranate juice? Maybe this is why it was too sweet or an odd color!? Omitted the sugar as well.  It can be confusing because in the Juice shelves of most grocery stores there will be "Pomegranate Juice 100% Juice" but it's mostly grape juice and other fruit juices!  What I did is get 2 pomegranates and juice them myself, so that was time consuming to do. I had to look up a Youtube video "How to Juice a Pomegranate"  Anyway, the juice was tart and gave the dish a good flavor. 2 pomegranates = 1.5 C of juice and I did use Organic chicken broth 3/4 C of that.  Great suggestion from others!   I added to my liking in addition to the Cardamom: 1/2 tsp of Tumeric, and I also seeded a small Serrano pepper and tossed that in whole to give the dish some heat.  I liked my additions, it was super good over Indian Basmati Rice!   Another reviewer suggested shredding the chicken off the bone and I did that right in the saucepan after it had been simmering for an hour or so.  It was  unique, very flavorful. I also made the Persian Cucumber Yogurt salad and got some store bought Wood Fired Naan flatbread to go with it.  YUM.  I only gave it 4 stars because the time consuming issue of the pomegranates and not finding the juice in the store, so this recipe might not be very convenient for some people to make.

