Yummy! And SUPER easy to slap together - I mixed it all up in under a minute. Wear latex gloves while rolling the balls, as the mixture can be a tad sticky. I tried them with both walnuts and almonds... the walnut ones were richer and chewier, while the almond ones turned out crunchier and a bit lighter. I prefer the walnut version. They were baking in the oven when my husband came home, and he commented that they made the house smell heavenly. This will definitely be a staple for when I have guests - they're so fancy and gourmet-tasting, with so little effort on my part!

I've made this recipe on several occasions. When the cookies turn out well, they are scrumptious and are easily gone in two days. We refer to them as walnut lace cookies because they are light, have a little crunch, and are flavorful.  But, as other reviewers have mentioned, I've have had my share of problems with this recipe. Three egg yolks usually aren't enough to make the batter stick (it hardly clumps together!) So, I either add another egg yolk (making 4 in total) or 2 egg yolks and one whole egg. I also have major issues with the term "finely ground walnuts." One time, I pulsed whole walnuts in a food processor to create finely ground nuts; I ended up with one, big, runny cookie. Another time, I lightly pounded whole walnuts in a plastic bag with a skillet; the end result was a slightly less runny cookie. So, I now used chopped walnut pieces. My cookies aren't as smooth as the ones shown in the photograph, but at least they are individual cookies. Also, I think using a silpat pad works better than the parchment paper. As the recipe suggests, do leave space between cookies because they spread and 20 minutes is indeed sufficient cooking time.

Followed directions but after 20 minutes @ 350 degrees the cookies were flat and burned :(Wondering if it's because I used a sugar substitute (erythritol & monk fruit) which I've used for baking breads, muffins, etc, without any problems.  Perhaps no flour in this recipe?

I wish the recipe said that the egg yolks should be whipped before adding. Other reviewers mentioned this small but important detail but I saw it too late. I put the walnuts in my mini processor to finely grind. I also think this was a fatal error because between the non-beatened egg yolks and the too finely ground walnuts, I ended up with a runny mess that could not be formed into a cookie. I poured part of the mixture into a small pan an baked it as it was. To the rest of the mixture I added flour until I got the consistency of a cookie. Even then, the cookies ran together into one big, thin cookie. Both of these tasted good but because I essentially wasted a bag of (not so cheap) walnuts, I won't be making this again.

Made these using almonds instead of walnuts because it’s what I had. Subbed in Swerve for the sugar so the diabetic in the family could eat them, and they were TERRIFIC! Making them again, with walnuts next time. These will be a frequent repeat treat in our house. Thanks for sharing!,

Made exactly as repipe stated.  The were very flat and they were also delicious.  Have a bit of a kick to them.  Very light, nice for a change.  Will definitely make again.

These cookies made with ground almonds are good if eaten right away but they got too hard to eat the next day. They're not good when they lose the chewy texture.

My family loves these. We have some gluten free and some diabetic, they easily use sugar substitutes. Easy to make. Made with Almonds, Walnuts, Pistachios, and even Macadamia nuts.

I made these for an office Christmas party. A few people had gluten sensitivity and there were a couple of vegans (who were OK with the eggs). These came out great. The texture is out of this world. The unusual flavor profile is not everyone's cup of tea; however, they are delicious and were appreciated by the crowd. Oh, I was out of walnuts and used pecans. Good results. I can't say whether walnuts would be better or not.

These were REALLY good and light tasting. I used egg white for the wash instead of yolk (because of course I had it :) , and I cut the cooking time by almost half (to 12 minutes) as my oven apparently heats high.

"The Rebbetzin Chef's Persian Walnut Cookies" are really delicious! I made them for Nowruz (Iranian New Year), and my Iranian-born husband approved them! They bring back memories of Iran and Ameh Fatimeh's walnut grove in the mountains. Here are my own tips for making these cookies learned through my own trial and error process: (i) sort the walnut halves (grind the imperfect halves for the cookie dough and save the perfect halves for the garnish on top); (ii) weight the walnuts before grinding them so you can just make the entire cookie directly in the food processor after grinding the walnuts (1.5 cups of ground walnuts = 8-1/8 ounces of walnuts according to my measures); (iii) refrigerate the dough before rolling into balls (much easier to work with); (iv) use an actual measuring spoon (teaspoon) for measuring the dough (these cookies spread to about 2" diameter although the walnut garnish will be the same size as the cookie before baking); (v) CONSIDER REMOVING THE COOKIES FROM OVEN AFTER 10 MINUTES (NOT 20 MINUTES AS IN THE RECIPE) UNLESS YOU LIKE BURNT COOKIES JUST LIKE MY FIRST BATCH. They appear raw, but cook sitting on cookie sheet cooling in the following 10 minutes (as in the recipe description); (vi) the cookies taste best if let to sit a day for the flavor to develop.  Thank you The Rebbetzin Chef  for sharing your recipe. It is a keeper!

