These are great! I would have given them a 4.5 if possible. They are very rich and would probably be better in smaller portions. Making them in Madeleine pans would be fabulous. Or you could just reduce the butter. Here's what I did: I HALVED the recipe, didn't heat the eggs and sugar in a double boiler (too lazy), used 1/2t cardamon, didn't add pistachios (didn't have any), and added 2T more sugar. I think the recipe probably doesn't need more sugar, but in the future I would reduce the butter and make the cakes in Madeleine tins.

These are amazing!!! The recipe works great, and you can use sour cream instead of yogurt - tastes the same! Takes substantially longer than 30 minutes to bake in my oven.

Thank you for posting this recipe! I was so excited to make this cake! I bought it from the store yesterday and it tasted terrible so I decided to make it today. The recipe is pretty good. Next time I will not put a cup and a half of butter though. It was a bit too oily.

Because they used a ton of butter, they were super soft and moist - best eaten warm/warmed up. We ate these so fast that I haven't made them since  because I don't know if it's worth the time!

I made this today after reading so many positive comments.  I followed the recipe exactly as mentioned but the cake was not edible. It had way toooo much butter.  Since I did not have muffin pan I made this in a cake pan. Unfortunately was a total waste of effort and ingredients.

This is a great recipe, very easy and quick. I added a little bit of saffron and more rose water. It turned out great.

I made this recipe in order to use up some rose water that I had lying around ... and it quickly turned into a family favourite! I ended up making it for one child's birthday, at their enthusiastic request, and everyone loved them. Now I keep rose water on hand so I can make these cakes with some regularity :)

These were really delicious. My husband, who's Iranian, has requested them as a regular muffin. 

I made a few changes: I added 1/2c. of rice flour for the flavor profile, reduced butter to 1c., and reduced sugar to 1c. It took 40 minutes to bake each dozen!

The city of Yazd is famous for making really sweet sweets, but my husband prefers the slightly sweetened version of Yazdi cakes. Next time I'm going to reduce the sugar to 3/4c. in my search for the perfect slightly sweetened Y cake.

Made em .... for the Middle Eastern experience. They were interesting!

I'm not sure how I feel about these. They are good, but not great. They barely rose. I feel like it could have used more of every thing, cardomam, rose water, sugar and baking powder. As is, there is a hint of sweetness, a hint of rose water, and a hint of cardomam. 

I think I might try it again in a Bundt pan and experiment with increasing one or all of these ingredients.

As is, it would go good with a sweet tea.

