You can also try this recipe with very thinly cut beef slices or minced meat. For the best taste, real butter could be used.  Another suggestion could be to add some garlic paste to the yoghurt. The name is not coming from Alexander the Great, but from the name of the cook who invented and made this dish famous decades ago. His name was "Iskender" and he was from the city of Bursa. Cheers

An interesting combination of flavours.  Needs more cumin than you may think!  My mother really loved it, and she's not a chicken fan.

Been using this recipe for years and love it every single time!

This was delicious.  I used gyro meat instead of chicken because I wanted to make it the way I remember eating it.  Will make again.

It was really tasty!

I was happy to see this recipe. Actually the original Iskender Kebab was made famous by Iskender Efendi who has two of the most famous restaurants in Turkey, located in Bursa- they use toasted pita, not rice. I highly recommend anyone visiting turkey, to eat there.

As someone from the plae of the original recepie of Iskender Kebap, I liked the idea how it is twisted for making it at home. The common points with the original is the Tomato sauce, the yogurt and serving it over Pitta Bread. The original uses calf meat grilled nicely on a vertical skew also know as Doner (from the litteral meeaning of the word rotating). As the cook rotates the skew against the heat source, he or she slices the cooked meat, than the thin slices of meat is placed over warm bite size cut pitta (no spices) and served along side with thick full fat yogurt. On the table very warm tomato sauce (slightly diluted tomatoe paste and olive oil) and sizzling molten purified butter is poured over. You can immitate these thin slices of meat by taking out a block of frozen meat and cutting it thinly after letting it get slightly thaw partially, than frying the cuts on a teflon pan by adding just a little butter, salt and pepper. Iskender is best made in Bursa Turkey. Consider Turkey for your holidays a little far from US but worth visiting for gourmet.

Iskender is served over pita bread soaked in yogurt and tomato puree.  Doner Kebap is the dish served over rice.  Also, my favorite way of preparing this is with lamb pressed with veal, rather than chicken.

altogether I thought this was pretty good. We used quite a bit of cumin and served with pitas and homemade hummus.

You can also try this recipe with very thinly cut beef slices or minced meat. For the best taste, real butter could be used.  Another suggestion could be to add some garlic paste to the yoghurt. The name is not coming from Alexander the Great, but from the name of the cook who invented and made this dish famous decades ago. His name was "Iskender" and he was from the city of Bursa. Cheers

Deliciously simple and tasty! My husband loves making this dish as it's very straight forward... I highly recommend it!

