My best friend is Persian, and I love the rich flavour of Persian food.  This soup is great and full of flavour.  I've always tried to  make Persian food myself, but whenever I've tried it doesn't taste the same as my best friend's mom.  This is the closest I've gotten so far!  Excellent recipe and really easy.
Update:  I've since made this dish countless times and it is definitely Persian approved!  I do things slightly differently though.  When I saute the onions I add the tumeric.  I definitely add more then a teaspoon of tumeric.  I keep adding pinches until the onions are a bright yellow-orange.  I also add saffron, which makes this dish more authentic.  I take a few saffron stems and mix them with about a 1/2 teaspoon of hot water so it becomes a liquid, and I add it in the beginning to the onions.  I also add the finely diced carrots when I add the barley, because I find it takes a while for the carrots to cook in this recipe.  Fresh parsley is also a must, and I probablly add at least a cup of it finely chopped.  And  finally this recipe makes the barley into a thick stew, and it isn't really like a soup texture.  If you want to to be soupy add more broth and decrease the barley.

I decided to substitute the sour cream for plain yogurt and I did not like the result. The soup was way too sour and seemed to be missing something. Don't think I'll make it again, even with sour cream.

This is delicious and so easy to make.

I must have done something wrong. It’s bitter without much flavor.

I decided to make this soup because of all the rave reviews. I found it OK, nothing out of this world. The tomato paste taste was quite front-and-center making the soup remind me of tomato soup and none of the other ingredients did enough to really take it to the next level of tastiness or interesting-flavour beyond a sort of tomato soup variant. It was an alright soup but not something I'd make again.

I can't decide whether it's a 3 or a 5, so I'll go with 4. What an interesting flavour. After sitting, it got as thick as porridge so I suggest eating it all straight away. It's thick and satisfying, and as another reviewer said, has an elusive flavour.

very good. I followed the advice of others and increased the turmeric and added saffron. Otherwise followed the recipe exactly. I loved it, my husband did, too.

I have made this a few times now, and the only modification I made was to halve the amounts, since It's just my hubby and me. I love this soup! It's delicious and comforting, and I know I'm doing something good for my body. Fresh parsley really makes the flavors pop! Love it ... thanks for such a winner.

Followed the directions exact - we loved it! My hubby is Persian and said I should make it for his folks the next time they visit. Probably not "company fare" but great for casual family lunch or supper.

This recipe is awesome. It's simple. Common ingredients. Incredible flavor! I tried as is first. Doesn't require any more or less. I did however have a bean and lentil mix cooked and waiting to be added to something and this was it! Great both ways. Definitely recommend the lime, don't skip it! It's subtle and not overly tart. Lemon worked fine too!

Great flavored soup. I added the zest of the lime in addition to the juice.  I also doubled the amount of turmeric and added chili flakes.  Absolutely delicious!

