My Mother-in-law taught me how to Loobia Polow they way her Iranian mother-in-law taught her in Iran!  She does not put jalapeno or curry powder in it.  She does add to it turmeric and a little cinnamon to the meat while it is cooking.  My 4-year-old loves this so much that I can get him to clean up his room in five minutes flat if I bribe him with “Stumboli Kaplow” (how he says the name of this dish!)!!

Sorry but as a persian this seems more like a arab, indian with a hint of mexican recipe than anything else. ground beef=wrong curry=wrong jalapeno=wrong and did i hear you say BROTH?  although it may be good for the untrained persian  the real deal recipe is so comforting that you can eat it over and over and over!


Stew meat, beef - 
Fry meat in 2 tbl of oil until browned(season with salt and pepper (turmeric as well). (Drain excess oil)

Return meat to pan, add one can of tomato sauce. You can caramelize 1 onion in another pan and add to meat. Simmer on medium/low until tender. Add water if needed as it simmers to keep it from drying up.
Last 5 minutes, add 2 cans of green beans. (drained)

Rice -
Boil rice, up to 5 minutes. (do not cook rice all the way. Semi crunchy still)
Remove and rinse.

Add 4 tbl oil and 2 tbl of butter in a pot large enough for rice and meat until butter melts..(med/high)

Add 1/3 of rice. 1/3 of sauce, ever so lightly combine, rolling it. Repeat 2 more times.

Cook on med/high for 7-10min uncovered. Cover with lid (wrap lid with kitchen towel or few sheets of paper towels.

Cook for additional 40 min. ( this will crisp the bottom of the rice. (Ta dihg)

Get a large enough plate, place on top of pan and flip it. This will look like an upside cake.

Serve with plain yogurt mixed with chopped cucumbers and some garlic and or dill weed.

Serve it up!

I liked it! I will add minced garlic and some cayenne pepper next time. Fresh green beans work the best!

I enjoyed this but my wife wasn't a fan.  I made as directed with no changes.  It did not separates from the pan in the end stage as the recipe stated it would.  I was left with a difficult to clean crust on the bottom of the pan.  The taste of the rice overall was good.

This recipe should not use curry or chili or even chicken broth.  
Spices should only round the natural taste of the ingredients.

Just turmeric with onions, cinnamon with the meat and saffron on the rice, but only towards the end.

My bf mom, who is Persian taught me how to make this and she doesn't put any curry or jalepeno in it, just Tumeric.   But I use this recipe as a base for remembering because it is my favorite persian dish and I make it all the time. This is a terrific recipe.

Used turmeric instead of curry

It tasted great! It was a bit watery though in the end. I would cut down on the chicken broth.

This was a good dish, but not authentic tasting... it had more of an Indian feel due to the curry

I can only give a 4 because of my own customizations (due to lack of certain ingredients and the fact that it would be served also to a 2-, 5- and 7-year-old). The base was great and I look forward to making it again for myself with the jalapeno! 
Just one thing to mention: didn't need the full 35 minutes at the end, only about 15 and it was nice and crispy as desired. 
Good luck and eet smakelijk!

A great one pot dish. I had cut back on the curry, added turmeric, and seeded the jalapeño (needed to be kid-friendly). Since I had at least 1.5 cups of leftover white rice, I only added somewhere around 1 cup of broth. After turning off the heat, I let everything rest for a while so the rice can absorb the broth.

