Crazy good. I LOVE ginger, and ginger ale. I can never find ginger ale with enough ginger for me. This was perfection. I used seltzer water instead of regular water to get my fizz on. One note I would like to make. The first time I made this I used jarred minced ginger. It does not have nearly enough flavor. Fresh ginger is imperative. My first attempt I cut the recipe down to five serving and I still ended up using nearly half a cup of jarred ginger. I really could not taste it. Another recipe on here that I tried said to use white balsamic. I used that in one of my experiments. I found that you can change up the profile of this just by playing around with your vinegar. I think when I get bored one day, I will try using vodka in or sherry in place of the vinegar just to see what would happen. Thanks again.

Delicious, I used a bit less ginger but that was a mistake, more ginger is better! Next time planning on using some honey and see how that tastes. Thank you for a great drink recipe, so much better than anything store bought.

Made this to use up some ginger root I had from another recipe and it was surprisingly delicious! Might try with less sugar next time.

AMAZING!!! Light and refreshing  and so very easy to make

It is good worth making for all season

This is AMAZINGLY good! I used white wine vinegar, and I am curious to try out some other options. Very refreshing with a glass of seltzer water. A little on the sweet side, but I love the gingery taste. YUM!

This is so refreshing! I've made this four times now along with another similar recipe with strawberry by the same OP.  I'm playing with vinegar variations and so far my favorite is white balsamic, but white wine vinegar or apple cider is good too.

This is very much like the old-fashioned switchel that was popular in the old days (although they used honey or maple syrup for sweetener.)  I cut the sugar in half and it's plenty sweet! You simply cannot put too much ginger in it so grate to your heart's content if you love it as much as I do. I added a few sprinkles of cardamom and did half ACV/half white vinegar. Definitely freeze the ginger that you strain out to use for other dishes or drinks. My kids want to know why store-bought ginger ale can't taste as good as this! Store it in a pretty glass bottle in your fridge and keep sparkling water on hand for a refreshing drink when you're craving it.  So glad I came across your recipe.

Followed recipe to the T not liking it at all! I'm thinking I used too much of the syrup to a glass of fizzy water.

One of the best refreshment for  summer and you can add some freshly grated CUCUMBER to your glass of sekanjabin sherbet and ... wow, it's awesome!
BTW, I subed apple cider vinegar and it tastes fruitier.

