My husband's family make kabob by omitting the lime juice and marinating the meat in a cup of yogurt mixed with one minced onion.  I also add a pinch of dried mint.  We grill these with onion wedges and tomatoes and serve it with Persian rice.

Everyone gave this three stars.  While it wasn't bad because we used a great cut of meat, there are tons of better ways to marinate that taste better. Not a repeat.

This is a great base recipe because it can be used as-is or easily modified in a million different ways.

While I haven’t used this exact recipe, I have made the exact same thing many, many times. This recipe uses the same basic ingredients as shashlik, which is made all across Eur-Asia with some minor variations from region to region.

You can use any kind of acidic liquid with this recipe, not just lime juice. Some popular variations are vinegar, lemon juice, pomegranate juice, wine, and yogurt – but you can use anything acidic. 

You can also use any kind of meat with it, not just beef. My favorite is lamb, but I make it with beef or pork often, and sometimes chicken, goat, or rabbit. Also, it doesn’t have to be meat chunks, it can be used for roasts, steaks, chops, or filets.

Some popular additions are soy sauce, fish sauce, garlic, bay leaves, mint, cumin, paprika, cayenne (or any hot chili), fennel, coriander, thyme, and/or rosemary, but again, you can add anything you like. I almost always add soy sauce, and garlic – sometimes I add one or more herbs, sometimes I don’t. If you use soy sauce or fish sauce, keep in mind that they are salty, so you may want to reduce or eliminate the salt from the base recipe.

Being that the onions are only used for flavor and not eaten, I blend them with the liquid to extract the most flavor possible. I’ve also used onion powder in a pinch, and it worked out well.

However you decide to make this recipe, I suggest you give it a try as-

Amazing! While I wouldn't have guessed "Persian" just from the taste, the meat turns out super flavorful given the simple ingredients. Be sure to use tenderloin as directed, and you'll be rewarded with the most tender kabobs! Don't skimp and use a cheap cut! I didn't have time to marinate the meat overnight, but 4 hours was still long enough to produce a great-tasting meal. I used bigger beef pieces than called for, and 8 minutes was plenty long. 12-14 minutes would have been too long for my liking.

This is a very tasty, versatile recipe that is awesome as is, or you can add a little something extra if you are in the mood.  Instead of mincing the onion, try grating it with a box grater into a large bowl.  It's easier than chopping and you don't lose much of the onion juice. Lime (or lemon) juice is necessary to tenderize the meat. DON'T SKIMP ON THE CUT OF BEEF! Beef tenderloin is expensive (same cut that filets are cut from), but the recipe is worth it. Tough cuts of meat are going to make tough kebabs. Serve with sumac, basmati rice and small grilled tomatoes.

I became ill and left the beef marinating for almost 40 hours until I could through it on the grill. I was worried that I had ruined the meat but it had amazing flavor. For those who were looking for more flavor....try letting it sit longer. I did use the tenderloin, which I think was an excellent and most suitable choice. Delicious!

Some of the world's best cooking is done via K.I.S.S. This is just a classic!!!

Excellent!  I've made this 3 times and have received so many compliments.  The recipe is perfect as is.  Just make enough, because this dish will disappear in a flash.

This marinade exactly, used with Costco Sirloin strip pack cut up for skewers.  Marinated overnight, followed BBQ'ing time, and our eyeballs fell out.  So juicy and tasty.  We even loved the leftovers a couple of days later.  Amazing.

I loved this recipe, although I added my own twist. Instead of shish kabobs I took two NY strip steaks, marinated them with this recipe with an added clove of garlic. The result was two delicious juicy steaks. Would recommend this recipe to anyone looking for a simple marinade!

This was great! I made it for an appetizer party, and got rave reviews from all  attendees- including the kids. Served with my own tzatziki sauce. Really *really* good!

