So amazing! I had never heard of Sekanjabin before, but I googled it and now I know...But anyway I was afraid to use the white balsamic vinegar, but it is SO GOOD! my 2 year old daughter loves it!  It is perfect prepared as written.  The strawberry taste is great.  The store had Pear infused white balsamic as well as Raspberry infused for the same price and I think that may taste good as well.  Thanks!

I want to know if you can take the white balsamic vinegar out as my kids don't like it because of that..

Absolutely delicious and so festive when you mix with Club Soda or a Plain Sparkling water. Great for a non-alcoholic drink at a party.

This was wonderful!  A huge hit for our Easter celebration.  Something I will definitely keep on hand.  We used the 1 part syrup to 6 parts club soda.

Fantastic Recipe!!!
Warm hugs to this writer :)

I found myself with a bunch of strawberries, and found this recipe to get rid of them before they went bad.  Loved it!  I used 2oz syrup to 6oz soda water and WOW!  Even better that it keeps indefinitely!  As for the leftover lemonpeels, etc.:  I picked out the bigger lemonpeels and strawberries to toss in superfine sugar.  The rest I froze into ice cubes to use with the drinks.  Excellent!

This is a great recipe!  I use half the sugar and store in fridge.  It's so refreshing on a hot day.

Awesome recipe. Very unique and refreshing summer beverage. Add grated cucumber or jicama for a nice cool crunch. I made a second batch with peach and ginger. Can't wait to try other flavor.

I used regular black balsamic vinegar and it worked just fine. It's a truly great drink for spring and spring is here! 

P.S more ginger is not a bad thing here, use as much as you feel. I like mine a bit sharper.

My Iranian husband loved this (I liked it, too). Made exactly as directed, except used white wine vinegar instead of white balsamic. Next time I'll use more ginger and less mint.

I'd never had this before. It was quite tasty. I thought the white balsamic vinegar taste was somewhat strong and so next time I might use less. But it was nice that it helped it stay shelf-stable for a while so I didn't need to refrigerate this.

