A truly purple drink!  This is like wassail, very spicy! The amount of brown sugar does not overwhelm you, so this is a comfortable sweetness!  I should have put the cinnamon and cloves into a cheesecloth ball so that I could take it out and continue cooking the corn (in a new, separate recipe!) for several more hours, until it puffed out like popcorn.  At that point, the cooked corn can be eaten plain or in stews. Thanks for the recipe!

Too spicy and citrusy. Reduce cloves to 3 - not spoonfuls, three whole cloves. My mother-in-law doesn't use citrus in her chicha but says her mother-in-law juiced 1 lime directly into hers.

Delicious! Will make often. Perfect for summer fun.

Absolutely not too much clove or citrus.  I brought back the corn that i bought in the market in Peru.   I boiled these corns for three hours and made two gallons and froze one.  I added cayenne pepper and cocoa as mentioned by another and I kept cooking the corn until it was soft and edible and used it in a soup.  I added more lemon and less sugar on one and made it to recipe on another, both delicious.  I'm not sure who finds it too spicy....this is the real deal, authentic chicha,  even better with pineapple and apples, i might even boil some pinepple to get the essence next time.

So good! I added 1/2 tsp of cayenne powder and 1 tsp of cocoa powder!

So refreshing. Gator aid of the Gods. Favorite in our houseI use pineapple peel, 4 cinnamon sticks, tbs whole cloves & 2 apples in half’s. Cook an hour covered med -low heat after boil. Add brown sugar & lemon to taste after strained.

Following a semester abroad in Peru, drinking Chicha Morada in both high end restaurants and local home settings, I can say with a high level of experience with the authentic drink that this recipe honestly reflects how Peruvians make Chicha.
 Also I made this recipe for a celebration of the time in Peru and served it to several Peruvian students at my college. They agree that this tastes real, and even better than a lot of Chicha Morada served in Peru (many restaurants serve sachet version). My only adjustment was using slightly less sugar.

Mine came out sort of clear brown and unappetizing looking. Too much clove, too much lemon juice. Not what it tastes like in Peru.

This is the best drink ever made!

This drink is absolutely amazing! The recipe is spot on and easy to follow. I used a Honey Crisp apple. Even though the recipe calls for 1/2, I used the whole thing because it was so good marinating in the drink.

I have had this in my local Peruvian restaurant and was so excited to find the recipe here.  I followed it as written except substituted limes for lemons as suggested by another reviewer.  As a native Southerner raised on sweet tea, I actually found I needed to add a bit more -maybe more than a bit! - of brown sugar for my taste.  And to be honest, it still wasn't as sweet as the chicha morada from the restaurant.  But that's just a matter of personal preference.  The recipe is fantastic!

