I didn't let not having an air-fryer deter me from trying this recipe. I used chicken thighs instead of drumsticks. It's truly a delicious recipe. I definitely will make again! Maybe I'll get an air-fryer in the new year - I hear they're great! :-)

Loved this recipe. The creama sauce is the star of this dish. Its fresh light and perfectly counter balances the bold taste of the chicken. I also recommend you marinate the chicken for at least an hour for best flavor. The idea of cooking the drumsticks angled against the the edge of the fryer is genius to create even browning. Saving this recipe to for the future. Especially for the sauce!

Just OK, surprised by the rave reviews.  I do like the idea of using the the air fryer for chicken legs, but this wasn't particularly flavorful, even with letting it marinate for a few hours.  The creama was OK.

We have found a new family FAVORITE!  This recipe has savory and bright flavors coming together in brilliance!

Excellent.  Omitted salt, added pinch of cayenne, 1/2 teaspoon of onion powder, 1/2 teaspoon of granulated garlic (in addition to minced garlic).  Turned down the air fryer to 325 to avoid burning too much.  Will definitely make again.  I'd add a picture but I ate them all!!!

If I could go back, I would have marinated the drumsticks for a couple hours before air frying. The chicken had great flavor! Just not “strong” enough. I also recommend halving the green creama sauce. You simply don’t need that much unless doubling the chicken and/or have extra rice or salad to serve it with.  Nice recipe!

The sauce is beyond amazing!! Chicken is perfect

I made the drumsticks exactly like the recipe directed, but I did not make the sauce. The chicken was perfectly done, although a little charred, but tender and juicy on the inside. It was fun to see how well my airfryer cooks chicken and I'll do it again!

This recipe was amazing. The whole family enjoyed it. Not a single piece left. The green sauce was perfect. I paired it the Peruvian beans on this site.

Thanks for having this here! Made this a couple times for keto (replaced honey with keto honey though honestly might just replace with oil) and it was delicious.

