This is exactly like what I had at homes & fine restaurants in Santiago! Even my mother in law who "never has seconds of anything!" went back for more. Next time I will make it the day before rather than the day of, I liked the custard a little more set. One thing I did do though, as it was first served to me this way at some friends house in Santiago, is top it with rasberries. They are just tart enought to balance out the sweetness of it. I can't get enough of this dessert!

The recipe is amazing and delicious

OK...You HAVE to read this review!  :)  My daughter was doing a class project on Peru and chose this to make.  At the last minute.  I totally failed the meringue.  It was late and due the next day.  I ran to the store and bought canned whipped cream!  That's right.  I cheated.  She took individual little bowls for each student and put the whipped cream on each along with sprinkling cinnamon on top.  The kids LOVED it!  They licked the little bowls clean!!!!  This really was good.  Can't wait to try it again so that I can hopefully get that meringue correct!

This is exactly like what I had at homes & fine restaurants in Santiago! Even my mother in law who "never has seconds of anything!" went back for more. Next time I will make it the day before rather than the day of, I liked the custard a little more set. One thing I did do though, as it was first served to me this way at some friends house in Santiago, is top it with rasberries. They are just tart enought to balance out the sweetness of it. I can't get enough of this dessert!

I liked this sweet. May be it`s too sweet, you couldn`t eat much, but it`s good. I added 1/2 cup sugar in the egg whites. If you like sweetened condensed milk, you will like this sweet.

WOW, if you're looking for sweet, this is it!! I was looking to use up some ingredients on hand and found this recipe. I couldn't bring myself to add a full cup of powdered sugar to the meringue, only added 1/2 and that may have been too much! I wasn't sure what I was looking for as far as "thick" goes so I did cook it for 30 minutes. This is rather like a caramel pudding when it's set, and the texture is very smooth and nice...but it is REALLY rich and sweet! Thank you, Fran =)

