It was good.  We used it as a variation on potato salad.  It was easy to make and everyone liked it.  By putting  the eggs and olives on after it is inverted out of the dish, it looked pretty too.   We followed the recipe as written except that we substituted poblano pepper for aji amarillo because that is what we had.  Poblanos tasted good but I might try to find aji amarillo for next time.  We plan to make it again.

I used a pre made aji Amarillo sauce, even doubling what it called for, but not nearly as flavorful as it should have been.  I have a Colombian friend …will ask her for advice.  Maybe the sauce I bought was not a good one!  No reflection  on this recipe !

Yummy, in spite of a couple of substitutions. I made.

This is an amazing dish! I made it exactly as stated even including tuna which I usually can't stand. It was absolutely delicious and I will definitely make this again.

I prefer using chicken instead of tuna, but otherwise it's soooo good- kind of like a picnic in a casserole. We make this for a large group when a friend's mother makes homemade Aji. Delicious!

Instead of just oil and aji amarillo (which I cant find) in the potatoes, I substituted vadallia onion vinegarette, purchased at Sam's Club.   I used chicken salad instead of tuna salad.  And since I didn't have any ripe avocados, I used guacamole sauce I had in the freezer.  By layering in a spring form pan, lining the sides with plastic wrap, I was able to slide it onto a dish for a great presentation. Yum

Instead of just oil and aji amarillo (which I cant find) in the potatoes, I substituted vadallia onion vinegarette, purchased at Sam's Club.   I used chicken salad instead of tuna salad.  And since I didn't have any ripe avocados, I used guacamole sauce I had in the freezer.  By layering in a spring form pan, lining the sides with plastic wrap, I was able to slide it onto a dish for a great presentation. Yum

It was good.  We used it as a variation on potato salad.  It was easy to make and everyone liked it.  By putting  the eggs and olives on after it is inverted out of the dish, it looked pretty too.   We followed the recipe as written except that we substituted poblano pepper for aji amarillo because that is what we had.  Poblanos tasted good but I might try to find aji amarillo for next time.  We plan to make it again.

So glad you liked it! When using instant potatoes, make them without the milk or butter  called for. Add enough hot water to moisten then add oil till spreadable. You want the two layers to be thick.. also don not invert dish with mayo on top, do this before. The mayonnaise and eggs are supposed to be on top.

I did try the recipe and did like it however I did not use potatoes, I didn't want to take forever cooking them then mashing them, I used instant potatoes which worked equally well, you may need to use less milk to get a firmer batch of mashed potatoes.

