I made this with skinless chicken breasts, red bell pepper, and no frozen peas, I didn't have any on hand.. The recipe is delicious! I do however always cut the amount of liquids to my rice dishes, I hate mushy rice. 

My in-laws we born and raised in Peru, they thought this was very authentic. Living in Miami Florida, there is a melting pot of cultures, with lots of South American resturants.. this is better than some Peruvian Arroz con Pollos I've had else where. Thank you!

Peruvian Arroz con Pollo has no Orange juice or wine on it.... The original and delicious recipe is with beer and  chicken broth...and for it not to get too mushy the quantity of liquid has to be the same amount as the rice...if it is 2 cups of rice the you add 2 cups of liquid.

I made this for  a potluck and everyone raved over it!  I've made it several times since and it is so good.
The only changes I made were:  I used 12 boneless, skinless chicken thighs instead of the bone in.  I like more veg, so I  doubled the amounts of carrot, pepper and peas. And lastly,  because some reviewers thought it was too much liquid, I added another  2/3 cup of rice. It turns out perfectly for me every time.

delicious!

This was an amazing change from our traditional arroz con pollo. Very rich in flavor and the orange rice was delightful! we left out the peas and added cooked bacon and used its grease instead of olive oil.

No changes made! It was delicious. My boyfriend is from Peru and he said it was perfect. He requested it again this week, too.  Gracias!

I used this recipe as a guideline cause it's been ages since I've made arroz con pollo. My husband taught me to make it a few years ago and he never uses wine, orange juice nor Worcestershire. I decided to try the orange juice and Worcestershire but left the wine out and added some lime and it turned out delicious! I might add that I used A LOT LESS liquid and it's really important to let it sit 5-10minutes before serving.

LOVE IT!!! Tastes just like my mom's! Thank you!!!

Delicious! A bit time-consuming but worth it! I am not good at following recipes. I tend to use what I have on hand. I skinned the drumsticks, salted and peppered and browned, probably longer than necessary. Had fresh cilantro and minced garlic on hand, used my Magic Bullet and it worked great. Moscato, Lime-Aid since I had no orange juice. Minute Rice, part brown and part white, Canned peas, frozen, pre-cooked carrots, one large onion, used red and yellow peppers on top. Oh, and I had some jalapeño chopped and frozen, so I used that instead of the Peruvian pepper. Wonderful flavor! So worth the time!

No one liked it.

I didn't have enough chicken so I added in kosher beef hot dogs as well as black beans.

