I loved the flavour of soy, cumin, cilantro and vinegar in this dish. I did some modifications based on my preferences ( I never saute plain chicken...it must always be marinated or seasoned because I find it too bland otherwise). The base and combination of flavours and ingredients were new to me and that is why I am giving this a 5. AND it's pretty healthy!!So, I sauteed the chicken first (seasoned and marinated for a 4 hours with salt, pepper, garlic powder, cumin, soy sauce and the vinegar) then I took it out, and sauteed the onions, garlic, peppers and rest of the sauce and seasoning with the green beans until they softened...about 8-10 minutes adding the tomatoes, chicken and cilantro towards the end to heat through. Sorry to modify as the first reviewer but I really wanted to review and tell you I never would have thought to throw these things together so this recipe deserves 5 stars and for people to give it a try! Thanks!!

Saltado de Vainitas Haiku: "Way too strong and 'rich.' Have to eat this over rice, to thin out the 'urgh!'" Made this as directed (using fresh green beans instead of frozen) and should've trusted my gut when using 1 TB cumin, 6 TB soy sauce, 6 TB white wine vinegar, and 1 c. cilantro; yes, those seemed just unusual enough of ingredients that I figured they would come together in an interesting, flavorful way, but in that amount it was OVERPOWERING. I would gladly make this again, but would drastically reduce everything, or would consider, like a previous review, marinating the chicken first in some of the soy/cumin/OO. Strangely enough, we liked the tomatoes in this best of all, and I thought that was the most peculiar addition, but what made this edible for us at least was serving it over plain basmati to take away some of the /carton-eyes-popping-out-of-head.

I did adjust the amount of cumin to 2 tsp but kept the amounts of soy sauce and vinegar as called for.   THIS WAS OUTSTANDING!  I had 2 spicy Serrano peppers and seeded one. I should have kept them both with seeds. The spice level could have been upped a bit.
I will make this again. I loved the green beans. (Used frozen skinny ones).

Was glad to find this recipe. I adjusted it for 16 oz frozen green beans only. Chicken was prepared separately. I used 2T soy sauce, 1 tsp of cumin, 1T vinegar, 1 clove garlic, 1 small onion, 1 small vine tomato. Only had frozen cilantro where 1 Cube equals a teaspoon. I have no idea how to convert fresh  loose cilantro to chopped frozen so I finished my pack and added 6 cubes. I had no peppers at all but went ahead anyway. Cooked the green beans alone first to almost doneness. Then sautéed the onions separately, added garlic, added back the beans,  soy, cumin, vinegar, and little salt. Added cilantro cubes at the end. Came out decent. Would definitely make again and try to find some Chile paste to use.

Everyone in my family thought this was delicious. I used serrano peppers and white balsamic vinegar and thickened the sauce with a cornstarch slurry. I don't think those adjustments made a noticeable change to the flavor. Outstanding. Thank you!

I used fresh green beans and it turned out wonderful!  Family loved it too!  Would definitely make it again.

Really good! Will make again. Also the amount of vinegar (THREE tablespoons) was completely subtle and perfectly blended with the soy sauce, garlic and cumin. I would recommend using low sodium soy sauce and skipping the extra salt. I used fresh-from-the-garden green beans as well but steamed them briefly first so that they wouldn't be hard. It worked well.

My family loved this dish! This one is a keeper?? oh, and I used chicken thighs and drumsticks. Thanks for sharing!

Saltado de Vainitas Haiku: "Way too strong and 'rich.' Have to eat this over rice, to thin out the 'urgh!'" Made this as directed (using fresh green beans instead of frozen) and should've trusted my gut when using 1 TB cumin, 6 TB soy sauce, 6 TB white wine vinegar, and 1 c. cilantro; yes, those seemed just unusual enough of ingredients that I figured they would come together in an interesting, flavorful way, but in that amount it was OVERPOWERING. I would gladly make this again, but would drastically reduce everything, or would consider, like a previous review, marinating the chicken first in some of the soy/cumin/OO. Strangely enough, we liked the tomatoes in this best of all, and I thought that was the most peculiar addition, but what made this edible for us at least was serving it over plain basmati to take away some of the /carton-eyes-popping-out-of-head.

I loved the flavour of soy, cumin, cilantro and vinegar in this dish. I did some modifications based on my preferences ( I never saute plain chicken...it must always be marinated or seasoned because I find it too bland otherwise). The base and combination of flavours and ingredients were new to me and that is why I am giving this a 5. AND it's pretty healthy!!So, I sauteed the chicken first (seasoned and marinated for a 4 hours with salt, pepper, garlic powder, cumin, soy sauce and the vinegar) then I took it out, and sauteed the onions, garlic, peppers and rest of the sauce and seasoning with the green beans until they softened...about 8-10 minutes adding the tomatoes, chicken and cilantro towards the end to heat through. Sorry to modify as the first reviewer but I really wanted to review and tell you I never would have thought to throw these things together so this recipe deserves 5 stars and for people to give it a try! Thanks!!

