Very simple to make although with a long preparation time. The soup, if cooked as directed will result in a very tasty soup. It's worth the effort, a real homemade recipe.

I'm not sure if I did something wrong, but my rice absorbed all the juices and this just became mush. :/

I cooked with roasted chicken... It was delicious!!!! Almost like "Viva Chicken's soup!

Delicious! I cooked it 40min as per the recipe then let it sit in the pot for 1 hour. When I warmed it up to serve, the potatoes were broken (mushy) so I pulled out the chicken pieces and cut it into bite size pieces and put back in the pot. The family LOVED it and even asked for seconds. New family favorite

best soup ever! I've made it repeatedly and it's better every time. I add a little lemon juice to my bowl

Love this and make it all the time!

I was so excited to make this.  I really enjoy the flavor of Peruvian cuisine.  This didn’t live up to what I’ve had before. I made as written but subbed one thing and added more of the others. 
Here are the changes I made: for some reason I thought it said one Serrano not one TBS ( using double the amount of Serrano it still was not spicy enough). Two garlic cloves. Subbed carrots (had some left over)   for the potatoes and I cooked a cup of rice separate bcause I used the instant pot to sauté and then slow cook the soup. I added the rice (which was way too much) before serving.  I also put a whole bunch of cilantro tied with twine into the soup (this is such a delicious flavor) so I could take it out and add fresh for serving.  I added 2 tsp of rouge pimento. There was hardly any flavor.  This soup needed a bit of brightness. maybe lemon juice?

So happy I found this recipe! Made some adaptations — seasoned the chicken with salt, pepper, and Caldo Del Pollo and used boned chicken with skin for extra flavor. I added a LOT more garlic, took out the red bell pepper, and used less potatoes. Used one carton of chicken broth and a few cups of water. I could tell adding the peas and corn so early on was going to make it mushy, so I saved half the corn and peas to add with the rice at the end. Garnished with some fresh cilantro, some fresh lime juice, and aji sauce.

When I moved from the Los Angeles area I was so sad to leave my favorite Peruvian restaurant, El Pollo Inka, behind.  This soup is very close to their chicken cilantro soup and is delicious.  Now I just need their green sauce (Aji) recipe.  I haven't found anything close but I'm not giving up!

Shredded chicken, cooked rice separately added garlic powder & cumin! Hubby loved it! Definitely will make this again!

We found this soup fairly bland, to be honest.  Felt that it needed more "flavor" - like maybe some kind of spice or herbs.  Perhap that's the way it's supposed to be, but it's not our taste.  Followed the recipe with only a few minor changes - cooked the rice separately as many reviewers had suggested; increased garlic; and used two serranos.  Plan to  work on it more in leftovers.

