In Peru, they usually don't put mustard. Usually it's either with just the mayonnaise, or with lime juice & salt. It's called "Ensalada Rusa" which translates to  "russian salad". Usually the people there add other vegetables to this salad, such as cut-up string beans(boiled), and peas or corn.

Great, colorful presentation. Okay flavor, somewhat lacking. I encourage anybody making this dish to add their own pizazz to it.

I do not like beets but I had a bunch from my CSA that I needed to use and found this recipe. I followed the advice of some other reviewers and chopped up all the produce before boiling. My salad was done in an hour and half. I still do not like beets but this salad was pretty good. I added two hardboiled eggs and chopped raw celery. My church picnic gobbled it all up.

This was fantastic; however, I recommend it be served hot.  My family like it best that way, and reheating it made it kind of gross. But, fresh and hot, it is simply delicious.

Didn't do the mustard but otherwise it was awesome! YUM.  i haven't really cooked with beets.  So per some research, someone said to boil the beets without having cut them.  Don't cut the root leave about one inch of stalk above the beat and boil like that, the skin comes off real easy when done.  I boiled the potatoes and carrots as she said but separate from the beets.  It is really delicious too bad it doesn't look so pretty. My salad was more pink:)

I made this with the vegetables roasted instead of boiled. Delicious! Thanks for the recipe. I will definitely be making it again.

Neither hated it nor loved it.  Boiled beets tossed with a little olive oil and salt is a lot less work and we like it a whole lot better.  Won't be making it again. :(

Hi ladies! Thank you for the positive feedback and suggestions! The only reason why I don't chop or peel before hand is because I found the peels retain more of the vegetables flavor. I've done it both ways and just prefer doing it the longer way. I do add salt and a lil more mayo than posted on here. Also a lil salt goes a long way here!! Sorry for forgetting that one important ingredient!!

Really good side dish! The mustard with beets and carrots makes for a nice bitter and sweet combo.

made this when our golden beets, carrots and red new potatoes all came in at the same time in our garden - excellent! what a delicious way to use our bounty! thanks for sharing - we'll be passing this recipe along.

A great way to enjoy beets! I thought this was a little too bland and could have benefited from a zestier sauce. Next time I might do something with horseradish. Like other reviewers, I cut everything up beforehand and reduced cooking time. Saved the broth for tomorrow's soup stock.

