Being Peruvian, I make this for my family all the time. I would omit the 1 cup of oil, water, peanut butter and ketchup these ingredients are not necessary.  Just use maybe 3 tablespoon of EVOO. That should be enough.  Happy Cooking!

I really like the idea of this recipe, but the meat was really bland.  I just happened to be making chicken noodle soup at the same time so I kept adding the broth from my soup to the meat mixture, because I also did not want to fry the potatoes.  I added the potatoes at the same time as the carrots. I cut the potato up in really small cubes and added the chicken broth.  I put in some garlic salt and some creole seasoning to give the meat more flavor.  Without adding the broth, garlic salt and creole seasoning the meat would have been really bland.  As someone has already said, if you are on a low sodium diet then this would be a good recipe, otherwise it is better with modifications.

We Peruvians do not use peanut butter in our food, and in this recipe Never add ketchup. Otherwise I will give 5 stars. This Arroz Tapado, is a classic in our recipes, we add fresh Parsley and fresh Cilantro, and a Yellow Pepper that we only can get it frozen in USA, unfortunately, is a Major ingredient in Peruvian Cuisine.

So many steps, so good when you have time to do a few things in advance. Tasted pretty good and looked cool. I was only able to make 4 with these quantities. Family enjoyed them.

Hi I made this for my hubby so I tweaked it!, for the potatoes, I substituted cooked diced potatoes in a can! I tossed them with Evoo salt and pepper and stuck them in the air fryer for 7 minutes. Came out perfect! I also used 2 tablespoons of Evoo to brown the seasonings, added the hamburger, pored in liquified tomatoes, then lastly, tossed in the potatoes! He loved it!! Eliminate the oil!!

Very good but I am glad I reviewed the reviews first. The rice definitely needed salt.  I also added a bit of salt to the meat mixture.  I didn't have ground beef but I did have some roast beef, which I put through the food processor.   To save time I assembled the dishes and covered them.  About 45 minutes before we were to sit down with our guests, I put the dishes in the oven to heat.  The potatoes weren't crisp by then but it didn't matter.   I will definitely make this again.

My family loved this. I added beef bullion cubes to the rice and skipped adding the boiled egg. We didn’t have aji powder so I used aji paste from a jar.

I made some changes for convenience:
- Used frozen peas and carrots
- Used frozen O'brien hash brown potatoes (comes with onion and green pepper) 

Cooked ground beef first, removed with slotted spoon and cooked potatoes in leftover grease for more taste.

Definitely need to spice this up.  Nearly doubled all the herbs and spices, tasting as I went along.  Needed salt, so I added Goya adobo.

Came out great!  Peruvian wife and in-laws loved it!

This smelled amazing while I was preparing it, but I was somewhat disappointed in the taste. I drained the fat after cooking the hamburger, so that may have caused a lot of my flavor to diminish. I didn't add cilantro, but if I had I am sure it would help with the bland taste. I may try this again, but try for stronger flavor in the meat mixture. I will also add salt to my rice.

Made it without the peanut butter tho. And we all love it

My son demolished his. My husband liked as I did as well. Must have great. I made them a little more individual. I did follow the recipe. I had to use a cereal bowl. I had nothing smaller. My husband requested mixed vegetables in his. He also added homemade taco sauce. I added yellow squash, green pepper and zucchini. I would like to add cheese to the top next time. Awesome dish and already has been requested to made again. They were all shocked to learn that it had peanut butter in it...

