Very good!  I used fresh carrots because that's what I had plus used a full cup of both carrots and peas but otherwise followed the recipe and it turned out great.  My family liked it very much.

Good effort at a Peruvian dish.  In Peru, this dish is called "arroz verde" (green rice) or "arroz con pollo" (rice with chicken).  It is a very popular dish. I live in Peru and eat it frequently. It's one of my kids' favorites.  Chicken legs are used instead of breasts.  Onion and aji (or other spicy pepper) is a must.  Saute onion, garlic, and pureed aji, then liquify these with the cilantro and chicken broth.  Fresh peas and carrots are always better (you can't get frozen veggies in Peru).

I cooked this tonight and it was so good I couldn’t believe I was the one who made it. I used some shredded kitchen I had pressure cooked almost a week ago. I had to do something with is so I used it here. After frying up the garlic I put in the chicken and puréed cilantro with frozen peas since I don’t care for cooked carrots. I used boxed chicken stock. The one tablespoon of cumin wasn’t enough for me. I did not like one and a half plus pepper and seasoned salt. I’ll make this again for sure.

I spiced it up a bit. I added grilled Jalapeños pepper, Tomatillos and grilled Pablano Peppers. And instead of boiling the chicken, I grilled it and then used Chicken Broth and beer to cook the rest of the dish.

Way too much cumin. also, I despise boiled meats, so I sauteed the chicken in coconut oil for a crispy exterior before placing it on top of the rice to cook. Otherwise, even if this is authentic Peruvian, we did not like it.

According to my family this is by far the best dish I've ever made in my life... and to be honest with you it's also one of the easiest.  I'm from the far East and whole family went gaga when I served this with the Inca Mama style (no mayonnaise) Peruvian Aji recipe also on this site.  Next time I may use leg meat, though, or boil the breast meat a bit less than what the recipe suggests.  I might also try the yellow peppers others have suggested, as there's bound to be regional variations for any national food.

Made it today and loved it. The only thing I added was an onion. I'm far not a Peruvian but this tasted pretty good to me.

simply delicious. I used this recipe just as is and my family loves it.

Here are my changes. I seasoned my chicken with sazon, minced garlic, cumin, seasoned salt and red pepper flakes. I then stir fried the chicken in olive oil. In a blender I added fresh cilantro, water and beer. I poured my cilantro mixture with my jasmine rice, added some butter and left it to steam. Once completed I added it to my chicken along with carrots, peas and broccoli and topped it with sliced red pepper. The family loved it!

This is an excellent dish, my peruvian mother in law taught me how to make it a little differently though. Use one red pepper cut into thin strips and sautee with 2 cloves of fresh garlic, then add the cilantro, cumin, salt and pepper and chicken. Boil until chicken is cooked, add rice, and one package of frozen peas and carrots. YUMMY!

I love this recipe!  I add salt to the boiling water and I shred the chicken rather than dice it.  I love it so much that it has become a Saturday night meal for me!

