High marks for flavor, texture and presentation. I followed the recipe/directions as written.  I got the aji amarillo chili paste online from the retailer that begins with a W.  The aji gives it a unique zing with a smoldering heat that does not present initially. The dish is an unusual blend of flavors and textures that really work well together. I used 6 oz ramekins and had enough for 6 servings.  The dish is labor intensive with many steps (and lots of dirty dishes) but I would say it was worth it.  It was excellent!

This is a unique and delicious way to eat chicken salad! I had never tasted the aji amarillo chili paste but was surprised at the complexity of flavor it added to the potatoes. The avocado is a welcome reprieve from all the other bold flavors. I think I would omit the peas and carrots next time and experiment with other chicken salad ingredients. The sauce really adds a punchy element that would be missed. This is a great make-ahead lunch. Thanks, Chef John!

It was a new recipe I saw and had to try! Excellent!!

It's a little time consuming but worth it.

Extraordinarily unique and interesting.  What I really like is the endless possibilities available with this recipe and it really surprises guests, since not many people have had it before. 

I made mine with tuna, diced olives, diced roasted red peppers, and some diced hard boiled eggs to the tuna salad part.  It was delicious and I'm sure there are a lot of other good combinations.

High marks for flavor, texture and presentation. I followed the recipe/directions as written.  I got the aji amarillo chili paste online from the retailer that begins with a W.  The aji gives it a unique zing with a smoldering heat that does not present initially. The dish is an unusual blend of flavors and textures that really work well together. I used 6 oz ramekins and had enough for 6 servings.  The dish is labor intensive with many steps (and lots of dirty dishes) but I would say it was worth it.  It was excellent!

... and as always we enjoyed !! ?????? I am keeping the chicken salad recipe! I had some leftover and wow soooo good!

