Fantastic recipe!  My parents-in-law are Peruvian and I'm in the process of writing my masters thesis about Peruvian food.  I'm living away from them for a little while so when I got a craving for Aji de Gallina, this filled the bill to a T!  I did change it a little bit to make it a little healthier, and I was so so so happy with the results.  I used whole wheat bread instead of white, and fat-free evaporated milk instead of the regular kind.  I had to use a little more chicken stock in the sauce because the high gluten content in the wheat bread  sucked up all the moisture so quickly.  

The result was a mere 141 calories and 4 grams of fat.  It tasted just like my father-in-law's recipe that he's been cooking for years.  So if you care about the nutrition, there you go!

I'm so happy that I found a recipe (on paper) that I'm comfortable with.

This recipe is great, but I left out the nuts and the kalamata olives. Nuts are too hard for a dish that's so smooth and delicious. I agree, the olives are too strong for this dish. 

Aji Panca is used traditionally, and I like to soak them in orange juice while the chicken stock's simmering and then blend them to make a paste. Also, you don't need to discard the vegetables used in the stock, you can blend them in the blender and put it in the stew as well.

Not my cup of tea.  Agree the bread was excessive.  Chaque a son goût.

I addded more aji paste for little more heat, but it was great

Delicious!

Added more Aji paste and cut the bread loaf in half. Needed a little more salt but turned out great.

I'm Peruvian, and this tasted very much like the one I had back home!  I would add salt though, like a lot.  Also, it was very mild.  It could stand one more teaspoon of ají amarillo, for sure.

I followed the recipe almost exactly (I added a little extra aji paste) and it turned out delicious! I boiled the eggs and chicken in advance to cut down the cooking time.

Delicious! Needed salt.

You must use hens not regular chicken.

fantastic

