Delicious! I do think the skillet needed a bit more oil before cooking the chicken, and I decided to mix in some of the syrup into the tomato paste and pepper mixture before adding the chicken and pineapple chunks. I think this helped blend the sauce before the big chunks were added.

I made this with fresh peaches instead of pineapple at the suggestion of my Peruvian friend. I deep fried the chicken. I cut the sugar in half and added 1/2C water to make up for the pineapple syrup. My wife and kids loved it!

Tasted good right after making it but leftovers the next day were bad, chicken dried up due to soy sauce in marinade and rice was just a sugary blob.  My problem with this recipe were the instructions.  1 Tbsp oil to fry up 3 chicken breasts dredged in corn starch?  Not enough.  2 min here and 3 min there to cook things through fully?  Not enough.  Tomato paste and oil mixed together before adding peppers?  I came up with paste spreading onto peppers, did I miss instructions for adding water to that wok (which I did)?  Ingredients not enough to make complete marinade, just enough to cover half the chicken.  This just took way too long to make.  At least it tasted good while fresh.

Came out great. My husband, 3 yo and 15 mo all liked it- that’s saying a lot in my house! It’s a relatively simple recipe, just several small steps so it took a little longer but I imagine it would go faster next time. I used thigh meat because that’s what I had on hand and it came out very tender. I did cut the sugar per another reviewer but otherwise followed exactly.

I never knew pineapple and tomato past could work so well together. My whole family LOVED it!

Awesome recipe - my husband said it's in his top 5. Only thing I did different was add some of the sugar sauce in when the red pepper and pineapple was sautéing as suggested by another user. Will definitely make again.

Easy to make and very good.  I added a little bit of crushed red pepper.  I didnt have green onions, so i used while onions and thinly sliced zuccini for color.

This was so tasty.  I will make it again and highly recommended.

Only thing I might do the next time is mince a jalapeno into it.  Our family always likes a little heat with the sweet.   Otherwise everybody enjoyed it!

I didn't use bell peppers as I didn't have any.  My husband liked it he wanted more (gravy) sauce.

