This was so delicious! A friend of mine from South America raved about it as well. I did make a few changes. After browning the pork on the stove top, I put it in the slow cooker. I deglazed the pan with the liquids, including a splash of white wine, and poured that into the slow cooker. I added extra juice to cover the meat. 45 minutes before serving, I added cubed potato, slivered onion and chopped tomato (20 minutes before serving). I thought this made the dish more authentic when compared to our local Peruvian restaurant.

I thought this was pretty good.  Not as spicy as I thought it was going to be.  Next time I'll add some cayenne.  I cooked it all day on low in my slow cooker.  I also added some baby carrots for some veggies.  Served over rice.  Thanks Kimber

Do not make this!  Prepared as instructed and it was bland and the white vinegar ruined the meat.  I choked it down because it was what I had made for dinner, but tossed the left overs.

Its good but kind of bland.

Thank you for sharing recipe. It is pretty good with little modifications: pork needs to be seared quickly and finish cooking in slow cooker or in the oven on low. Marinade should be definitely doubled, with more cumin. Use fresh garlic and onion for best flavor - not the dry one. If you want spicy dish, after it's done sprinkle red pepper flakes on the top - this way you can have some of the pork spicy and some not, for those who do not like spicy. Lastly, do not use water - use white wine instead, same amount; deglaze pan with white wine after you cooked pork in it. Vinegar in the marinade evaporates with cooking, so there is no way this dish is vinegary. I agreed with other members -  added some cubed potatoes and sliced roma tomatoes in the last 30 min. Because of tomatoes the dish was not green-yellow, but more orange, very festive looking.

We recently spent 2 months in Peru and can't say that this dish reminds me of anything we ate while we were there, however my husband and I really enjoyed this pork.  I used apple cider vinegar and added some of the orange juice to increase the marinade liquid and then let the meat marinade for 8 hrs.  I also added cayenne as others suggested  to make it spicy.

This was pretty yummy but I changed the recipe up a bit. I roasted fresh garlic and onions along with green chilis and tomatillos and pureed it all together. Instead or marinating, I dredged the pork in flour and quickly seared it. Cooking the flour adds better flavor. Then I threw it all in a crock pot and let it go for a few hours. I chopped fresh cilantro in just before serving and it was yummy!

I've made this twice now, and second time's the charm.  First, save yourself work:  rather than cubing the meat, cut it into larger pieces and marinade all day.  The larger pieces makes browning the meat go faster.  I'm not even sure browning adds that much.  Second, I used cider vinegar and cut down the orange juice by a third the second time I cooked it, giving it a more mellow and lass acidic flavor.   Third, and this was special:  This last time, when the meat was tender (and before thickening the sauce) I removed the meat from the pan, put the liquid through a fat separator, added enough water to bring it to 4 cups, brought it to a boil, added 2 cups well-rinsed basmati rice, cooked the rice until nearly done and returned the meat to the pan to re-heat.  The rice was a beautiful color and had great flavor, with one less pan to clean.  Serve with plain yogurt, if desired.  Broccoli or cauliflower make good side dishes.

Made this recipe with bone-in pork shoulder (rather than cubed) and it worked well.  I marinated the meat in a plastic-zipper bag.  Before adding the o.j. and water to the skillet, however, I first poured it into the bag to capture remaining spices, etc.  I didn't find the liquid to be too much OR too little.  Added vegetables as others suggested, including larger chunks of fresh zucchini. Since I browned the meat in an oven-proof skillet, I just slow-baked it (325 degree oven) right in the skillet for two hours; adding the veggies midway. Personally, I loved the flavor, the sauce and the addition of veggies.  Will definitely make this again!

I instead used pork chops because that was all I had in my freezer at the time. I also added a teaspoon or two of aji amarillo paste for spice and served it all over plain white rice. Pretty tastly.

4-5 star 'if modified'. There's a few problems with this recipe. It's a good base but needs a lot of help. First off it's not spicy unless you add a lot to it. Secondly the 'marinade' isn't possible when the only initial liquid is 1/4 cup of vinegar and a bunch of dry spices. There's no way to just put the marinated pork in a pan to brown then add the marinade because the pork and spices absorb the small amount of liquid.   Here's what I added to the marinade: cayenne pepper, sliced red bed pepper, multiple fresh garlic cloves, carrots. I did the marinade as stated but since there was no liquid to separate from the pork I put it all in the pan at once including all the things I added. Also this was put over white rice in the end so plan on making that too. Without that I'm not sure what you would do with it. Marinate the above, throw it in the pan, simmer for 40 minutes or until the pork is tender by fork, the add the orange juice, water, onion... etc for 4-5 minutes, then the flour to thicken. Serve over rice. Ends up tasting more like a mild spicy curry dish than anything else.

