I tried this recipe this last Thanksgiving and oh myyy, it was amazing. My entire family absolutely loved it. I'm 20 years old, my parents this year  were working all day so my mom wasn't able to cook. Couple days ago, my family asked me to cook our Christmas turkey. So honored haha.
The only different things I did were, instead of leaving the turkey out for one hour I left it out for one and a half hours because I was using the oven for a pie. And also I didn't use the creme fraiche, I just used sour cream. Delicious

Helllooo cumin!! Wowza! The cumin completely overtook the entire thing.  Next time I will just use a pinch.  I tested this out on a 5lb whole chicken  to make sure it is something we could use for Thanksgiving, and boy I'm glad I did. With some tweaks I think it would be passable, but the way it is in the recipe is not so good. Cut wayyy down on the cumin, add some heat like red chili flakes, and maybe a tad more soy sauce.  I didn't make the 'gravy', and the skin (crust) was not crispy at all. In all fairness I think it's because my oven isn't the greatest, and also because I had to adjust the time and temperature to cater to a chicken rather than a big turkey. I'll give it another shot, but I'm glad I tried this out before Turkey Day! *UPDATE* I changed this from 3 stars down to 2, because the leftovers (which were a lot) were terrible. Something happened in the fridge over night, and the spices completely changed their flavor. The cumin was still way too overpowering, and the others turned grainy and very off-tasting. Most of Chef John's recipes are a hit, but this one was definitely a miss.

The very first steps that need to be taken when making a Peruvian turkey is to marinate it for one day 24 hours in  a mixture of1/4 cup whiskey and about 1/2 cup of pineapple juice,juice of 1 lime, &3 tbsp of orange juice  combined.Then proceed with basting the inside & outside & under the skin with a mixture of about 6 large garlic cloves (diced or paste) & 3 to 4 tbsp  of Peruvian panka pepper paste, cumin, oregano and salt and pepper & 1 tbsp  Soy sauce.Let set covered with saran wrap refrigerated for one day.Then  for the Stuffing of your turkey with a ground beef Empanada mixture -brown 1 lbs ground beef with 1 large finely diced red onion, then fry in middle of mixture 1 tbsp ahi panka paste Peruvian pepper paste & ahi Amarillo Peruvian pepper paste & diced or paste of garlic, then add salt, pepper to taste &  1 tbsp cumin &  1 small can tomato sauce & diced green Spanish olives & a handful of black raisins. Simmer on medium low for 15 minutes. Let cool & then stuff turkey and continue with the baking. I always bake breast side facing down. This makes for the most juiciest breast meat ever!

I only used the rub part and tweeked it a bit. I knew the cumin amount would be too much so I only used about 3 tbs. I then added a stick of unsalted butter and about 2-3 tbs of dried achiote.  I have a separate brine recipe that is my go to but OMG, it was so good that only the bones were left behind. I will try it on chicken next time and can't wait.

This is one of the best turkey recipes I've had! Right up there with a fried turkey! Very flavorful, not overpowering and very juicy! Don't listen to the 2 stars, this is keeper recipe!!!

The best turkey ever! There were literally no left overs the next morning! This Thanksgiving I'm gonna make it again but only with a bigger turkey!

I made this for Thanksgiving. After reading reviews, I decreased the cumin to 3 Tablespoons. I didn't have both smoked paprika and paprika, so 1 used 3 Tablespoons of smoked paprika. I also didn't have creme fraishe so used sour cream. I really liked it, but the flavors totally overpowered the turkey flavor. The gravy was even better the next day. I would use a chicken next time.

I am from Mexico and we use very similar spices as Peruvians. I followed the recipe to the T, and it was absolutely delicious! EVERYONE loved it!! Thanks so much for sharing it:)

Made Turkey according to recipe but stuffed with onions, celery, poblanos, and jalapenos. I also used a combination of jalapenos and poblanos in the gravy. Was really good!

OMG! Best ever. Made it with chicken and 1/2 amount of the wet rub. Just looking at the spice amounts you'd say that's way too much, but it's just right.Whether you do chicken or turkey, make 2x sauce so you have some to serve with the meat. Separate the portions so you don't contaminate the serving sauce with raw chicken.Salt the inside of the cavity to keep maximum moisture in the meat.Cooking to temperature is what real chefs do (rather than time), and it's largely how their food tastes great. You'd do well to follow their example.Serve with black beans, rice or quinoa, etc. and Jamaica (hibiscus flower) tea. Peruvians like sweet potatoes in a variety of ways, so that's a good side too.I had rotisserie chicken at a Peruvian restaurant that had a spice coating, but this is WAY superior.

I thought this was going to have a ton of flavor, It didn't in my families opinion. The rub smelled fantastic. I followed the directions and recipe completely. The chicken didn't seem to have any of the flavor of the rub. I even used the glaze. Don't understand it. Maybe it needed to marinate. So I won't be making this one again. I was to dissapointed.

