Can never go wrong with a Chef John recipe. I've never had lomo saltado before so I dont have anything to compare it to but the flavors were delicious and it was a hit in our house. My husband was expecting more spice from the habanero and was surprised by the sweetness of the sauce so I think next time I'll include the seeds and cut the sugar a little in the marinade. We used tater tots just because the grocery stores have been sold out of fries lately. Still a success and we will make it again.

Really good recipe!  We love spicy food so changed the 1 habanero to 5.  My hands and lips are still burning.  The other thang I did was cook the fries in the oven and add them just before.  For my husband, he doesn’t like food touching so they were on the side but mine were mixed.  We had plenty of sauce and now lots of leftovers!  Next time I would use normal fries and cut the spring onions a bit longer.  Fantastic recipe, I highly recommend it.

Chef John hit this one out of the park! The entire family complained when I explained the dish. That same family devoured the entire thing when I made it!! The only change I’d make is that next time I’ll cook the fries in the air-fryer as the rest of the stuff is cooking. I wasn’t a fan of doing them in the skillet. We will make this again!

We liked this. The flavor was very good. I couldn’t find a habanero so I subbed a jalapeño. It worked.  I really loved the ease of this.   I saw a review saying the mix was dry; make sure to dump all the steak and pan drippings into a bowl prior to frying the veggies. Then dump all of it back into skillet at the end.  The tomato should also give some nice liquid.  I used a wok and kept  it on high heat. It cooked up fast.

Super delicious.  The hardest part was prepping.  I could not find Sirloin steak at my grocery so had to use a difference type of beef that was sliced thinly and it worked amazingly well.  Also only used orange peppers as I could not find the aji amarillo or habanero peppers.  It still worked out well.  Outside of prepping, the cooking time itself was real fast.  So this is the type of meal I like to prepare - quick and delicious.

this recipe is fantastic! I made it just as recipe stated and it turned out perfect ! Thanks for a great recipe Chef Jon!

Absolutely delicious!  Since my kids don't like spicy food, I substituted the habanero pepper for a sweet pepper.  It still came out amazing!

This is not how my Peruvian husband makes the dish, but I trust Chef John enough to know that it's probably just as good (if not better - sorry, amorcito!). I had to laugh when I saw the little carefully molded mound of rice - very Peruvian! And the carb on carb comment - spot on. After 10 years together I have gotten mi amor to just eat this dish with French fries. On the side, BTW. Finally, you can find aji amarillo in a paste at international markets, so do try, the flavor is wonderfully unique. Gracias,  Chef Juanito!

I’ve actually eaten this in Peru and was pleased with the outcome.

