I have almost the same recipe, with one exception.  I got my recipe through my polish mother-in-law, who got hers from HER mother.  It’s hand written, AND, since tomato soup has only been marketed for 101 years, it has NO soup in the recipe.  Mine, & the dozen other “antique” recipes I have, show a variation of crushed whole tomatoes, sliced or stewed tomatoes (my grandmother has a fantastic antique recipe for stewed tomatoes!!!), and tomato sauce, plus spices such as marjoram, thyme, bay, & always in tomato dishes, two walnut shell haves of white sugar.  I’m trying this tonight, as shown, plus some more with a jar of crushed stewed tomatoes in with the soup, because I personally like the chunks & juice like sauce, over the top.  I’ll re-post my results tomorrow.

My grandmother was Ukranian and I can tell you that the "secret" to a flavorful stuffed cabbage,is salt pork.  Melt in the pan, and mix with small amount of garlic and butter and onion.  I add a can of tomato sauce.  Mix together and then pour over stuffed cabbage.  It is also a good idea to mix some of the melted salt pork into the meat. By the way, I only use ground pork, no ground beef. Its more tender and flavorful.

I need to say that I like more highly seasoned and spicy foods.  I added additional herbs and even some calabrian chili flakes, but found  these uninteresting and lots of work for the outcome.  Sorry.

LUV GOLABKI!!!

I loved that it called for tomato soup because that's what my Mom always used. I also put some cut up bacon that I sauted with the onions. So Good

They came out delicious. Recipe was very clear and easy to follow. I even think my ex-mother-in-law would be impressed!

these are great, i always make extra to freeze for a quick meal.

Very easy to make. Incredible taste.

This was my maiden voyage with stuffed cabbage and I took counsel from friends, family and experts. Used this recipe with changes. I used meatball mix (beef, pork,veal) and also added sautéed green peppers and celery and lots of  parsley to the meat mix. I sautéed in oil, not butter. I also used Savoy cabbage because I think it’s prettier. Added green apple and pork chops (thin boneless) on top of cabbage before tomato mix. I used the tomato mix from this recipe and liked it but I would use stewed tomatoes next time (personal preference)

Yummy.  I substituted ground pork with HOT Italian sausage and I used Uncle Ben's rice.

The only change I made is I don't use ketchup.  Other than that, this recipe is delicious!  My Mom even loves them and I compare everything I make to my Mom's!

