I have the same recipe from my grandmother and we made it today - with this recipe's help (we didn't know about the vanilla!)  You really need a pasta machine for rolling out the dough but otherwise it was perfect!
Thank you thank you thank you!

I used to make these with my grandmother growing up and have been looking for a recipe that tastes like hers. She grew up on a rural farm in Eastern Poland. Her English wasn’t the greatest and she never wrote down the recipe. I remember the recipe calling for tons of egg yolks though and the sour cream, so I was hopeful this would be the right recipe. Consistency-wise, it’s spot-on. Taste-wise, it’s definitely off.  Her dough was much sweeter. This wasn’t bad but not quite my grandma’s recipe.

What can be substituted for the whiskey when individuals aren't allowed to imbibe?

I’ve never had this dish before, but my husband asked for it so I gave it a go. I followed the recipe exactly, but the dough was still too sticky, so I had to add flour. The finished product tastes like nothing to me. My husband says they are good; it must be nostalgia.

I used to make these with my grandmother growing up and have been looking for a recipe that tastes like hers. She grew up on a rural farm in Eastern Poland. Her English wasn’t the greatest and she never wrote down the recipe. I remember the recipe calling for tons of egg yolks though and the sour cream, so I was hopeful this would be the right recipe. Consistency-wise, it’s spot-on. Taste-wise, it’s definitely off.  Her dough was much sweeter. This wasn’t bad but not quite my grandma’s recipe.

I made these more than once, i divided the recipe in half after the firs time because the yield was more than we could consume.

Great recipe.

These came out great !! Easy to make and  delicious to taste!!  I followed the recipe exactly, except i used my Kitchenaid(r) mixer to make the dough and the Pasta roller attachment instead of rolling by hand. I  divided into 8ths, started on  the #1 setting; making  sure to flour the dough  well.   I rolled the dough twice on level 1 and twice on level 2.   I  think level 3 was too thin  but that's my  preference.

I had these as a child, made by a woman of Russian heritage.  I searched high and low for the recipe.  This one is exactly as I remember from my childhood.  I've been making these Polish Bow Ties now for a few years and the grandchildren look forward to this annual treat at Christmas time.

Adding a teaspoon or so of plain vinegar to the mixture encourages a bubbly surface, if you like that effect rather than smooth. Just a trick someone (Polish) taught me. Gives it extra crunchiness if you like that. Also, frying in lard instead of oil gives it that old-country authenticity, if you don't mind the fat.

pure awesomeness

My husband has been looking for his grandmother's recipe for over 10 years.  He found this and it's perfect!  He's so happy he found it and they are DELICIOUS!  Thank you for posting the recipe!

