My exhusband is from Poland and made this often.  I have made this recipe several times now and my sons say its better then their fathers.   I followed the directions exactly the first time. Now I don't coat the meat. I just throw it all together on top of the stove at first browning the meat and then adding everything. I also use a bag of shredded coleslaw mix instead of chopping a carrot and cabbage. Works great! I just throw pork, beef or chicken in. Whatever I have or is on sale.  I've never had this recipe turn out bad. We love it at our house!

Um, it's a very generic, salty dish that doesn't bear much of a similarity to the Polish hunter's stew, contrary to what others wrote below. As an authentic bigos, it should at least have 2 chopped green apples, a couple pounds of venison, shredded ham instead of bacon and pork, a couple of cubed potatoes, and no sauerkraut. You need to have a thick, rich, beautiful brown base. Napa cabbage should replace the sauerkraut so that it cooks down and soaks up the flavors, instead of making it salty. There is no "one" recipe for bigos, but it is a hunter's stew and it should be meaty and rich...and shouldn't be salty. This is a recipe for kiel and sauerkraut, not bigos.

Truly one of the best recipes on this site! And I cook a LOT of things from this site. I couldn't find dried mushrooms (I wanted to find porcini mushrooms specifically), but next time I will try harder. I can only imagine the depth of flavor we could reach with the addition of dried mushroom umami. Instead, I added a fresh mushroom blend. Top with a dollop of this spread or serve on a crostini on the side: 8oz cream cheese softened, 1 cucumber seeded and finely chopped, 1/4 onion finely chopped, 1/4 tsp salt, 1/4 tsp black pepper.Another change I made was that I cooked it in the oven for only 2 hours, which was plenty.Next time I will not add the 1/2 tsp salt, it's not too salty, but close to it! Also, add the ground cayenne or the hot sauce, but not both.One more thing, I added one more cup of water to counter the evaporation factor and doubled the wine.

Cooked it in the instant pot, browned bacon & sausage & removed, sautéed veggies in the fat for 30 min as I cut up and added them, deglazed per recipe, put meat back in and cooked on high pressure for 12 min and it was awesome. Note that I didn’t have pork on hand, so I doubt 12 min would have been enough for tender pork. I would try removing the veggies and just cooking the pork in broth for 20 min, then adding the veggies back and cooking it all for another 10.

This is delicious and well worth the time to make. It comes darn close to the Bigos my husband and I discovered while in Krakow. The only thing I did differently, quite by accident, was to add the sauerkraut and shredded cabbage after step 5. I simply cooked it through for an additional five minutes before baking.

Oh good heavens, what a wonderful recipe!  I did make modifications (don't we all?)!  First, I browned the meats, then sauteed the onion and mushroom, added in the  spices and garlic briefly before adding to the pot.  Then I deglazed the pan and just out all the remaining ingredients in the pot before simmering in the oven.  I also increased the caraway seed to 1/2 tsp, the pepper to 1 tsp, about a 1/2 tsp hot sauce, and a 1/2 tsp worcestershire.  Oh, I also added the soaking liquid from the porcinis. The scents coming from the kitchen were amazing and the flavor is fantastic!!

i LVOE LOVE LOVE THIS RECIPE, have amde it several times, always better the next day

I agree with the comment above about the wine. A traditional bigos would not include wine. Also, bigos can incorporate fresh mushrooms either in addition to or without dried mushrooms. Polish saurkraut is mild tasting and not as sharp as german or kosher saurkraut. A bigos can have a hunters sausage, kind of like salami, sliced and diced, in addition to pork or beef stew meat and kielbasa. You can also toss in cubed ham. A real bigos includes a dried friut, like raisins, prunes or chopped apricot. Not a lot of dried fruit, just a small amount.  Make sure there is plenty of broth and serve with sour cream, hearty bread with butter and cheese.

My boyfriend is polish and has been craving this for as long as I’ve known him(3 years!!) so I thought I would give it a go. There were a few moments where I had some doubts, since I’ve never had bigos before, like when I measured 7 cups of sauerkraut, or when all the ingredients barely fit into my large slow cooker, but I just crossed my fingers and boy was I lucky. I omitted the salt, and even though I rinsed the sauerkraut a few times, it was still salty. It could have been the broth too so next time, I will adjust. Overall, it was very tasty and he had 2 servings so it was a success. Thank you for the recipe.

Delicious.  Served with mashed potatoes.

I  think it is safe to say my husband loved it.  I thought it was ok, but he is part polish so that probably explains his love.  It did not have the liquid I was expecting but I also did not have a proper dutch oven so I think that has a good bit to do with it.  I did not have tomato sauce and used a can of tomatoes.  We will probably make it again.

