I am assuming the directions call for cooking the pickles separately is because the pickles themselves are not intended to go in the finished product but the directions were not real clear there so I didn't know? I am a huge fan of the Dill Pickle Soup recipe from this site and I chose to keep the pickles in my soup so I just threw them in with the veggies in the last 15 minutes of cooking which saved me a step. I also chose to throw in some chopped potatoes at that time because I was wanting to stretch the pot out. My only complaint is that the sour cream mixture starts separating once the soup is not being stirred and sits for a minute or two. That gives it an unappealing look even though the taste is delicious. For my leftovers I added a dash of Hungarian Paprika just to change it up a little and that worked nicely in there as well. As written this is a good tasting soup but I do think the addition of potatoes added to the overall end result.

I have to say it's a lot of chicken soup with dill pickles.

The pickle gives this soup a lovely dill flavour. I shredded the pickles and added them directly to the soup. Definitely worth trying.

I was asked to make this soup and found this recipe. My husband had it growing up, his childhood friend's mother use to make it. He said it tastes the same as he remember as a kid and loves it. This is now a regular made soup in our house. Delicious!

This was really good!  I used a package of 8 drumsticks and after cooking for an hour, pulled them out, picked the meat off the bones, and returned the pieces to the soup, while the pickle broth was heating up.  This was hearty enough without adding anything to it, but potatoes would taste really good in it too.  I will make this again.

This was a "keeper" according to my family.  As other reviewers, I found the recipe unclear in a couple of places.  I removed the chicken legs after they were cooked (about half an hour), removed the meat from the bones and put it back in the pot.  As for the pickles, instead of heating them separately, I added them to the main pot 15 minutes before it was done and left them in.
Really nice flavour, not at all strong pickley but very good.

Great soup. It is not sour. This soup was a nice change from traditional chicken soup.

What a refreshing delightful Zupa! Will be making it again soon!

I am assuming the directions call for cooking the pickles separately is because the pickles themselves are not intended to go in the finished product but the directions were not real clear there so I didn't know? I am a huge fan of the Dill Pickle Soup recipe from this site and I chose to keep the pickles in my soup so I just threw them in with the veggies in the last 15 minutes of cooking which saved me a step. I also chose to throw in some chopped potatoes at that time because I was wanting to stretch the pot out. My only complaint is that the sour cream mixture starts separating once the soup is not being stirred and sits for a minute or two. That gives it an unappealing look even though the taste is delicious. For my leftovers I added a dash of Hungarian Paprika just to change it up a little and that worked nicely in there as well. As written this is a good tasting soup but I do think the addition of potatoes added to the overall end result.

I added my own twist to this soup.  I used sauerkraut rather than cabbage.  Added dill weed and dill seeds and used cilantra instead of parsley.  Cornstarch & water was used for thickening the soup, then 1/2 cup sour cream.  The soup ended up very tasty and dilly.  Topped it off with pickle, sour cream and smoky paprika.  Very delicious!

