Great kid-friendly and weeknight recipe! I strongly recommend mixing it well before pressure cooking (as instructed). If not, the top layer of noodles will be hard.

This is so good and easy. Giving 4 stars only because noodles are not cooked at 3 minutes. I used a guide another reviewer gave (5 minutes cook, stir, put lid on and sit 10 minutes). That came out perfect! I also added paprika and parsley as others suggest. It is so easy and delicious! Healthy, too. Love this recipe!

I've made this multiple times, always with great results. The only thing I tweaked was the pressure cooking time. I use 5 minutes, a quick release, then I stir everything & put the lid back on for 5-10 minutes. The noodles end up cooked perfectly.

This recipe is surprisingly delicious with minimal ingredients. Next time I make it, I will double the sausage because we like meat:) Also, I did have to stir really well again after it was done and put the lid back on for 10 min to finish cooking the noodles. So maybe add a little more broth too.

Noodles, just as I expected didn't come close to cooking.  If anybody has actually made this. What is the secret to getting them to cook?

Made this exactly like it says. shredded cabbage with a cheese grader. I would make this again. Very Tasty!

Tried making in the Insta Pot but kept getting burn error. Got the burn notice just after pressure came up. I released pressure, uncovered and dumped everything in a large bowl and deglazed pot with extra chicken broth. Returned everything back to the insta pot with a little more chicken broth and got burn error again. Tried a third time where I emptied the pot, deglazed and washed to cool it down. Added everything back and got third burn error. Finished cooking on the stove. Added some paprika and parsley. Tasted good and everyone enjoyed.

This was really good.   Only thing I substituted was a splash of olive oil to cook the onion in lieu of butter.   Happily surprised that such an easy recipe was so good!

Not bad, but I do think more spices are needed.  At least a medium-sized cabbage is essential, since it cooks down so much.  As the poster and another reviewer mentioned, proper mixing of all ingredients before pressure cooking is important, to ensure the top layer of noodles gets enough moisture.  I thought I had mixed mine enough, but the top noodles were still a little dry or al dente.  Finally, I appreciated the time for the Instant Pot to heat up and release pressure being included in the instructions; it drives me crazy when recipes don't include that information.

Very tasty and easy. Still getting used to using the Instapot, so this built my confidence. Used fewer noodles and did not add any salt. Will make again.

