Oh my goodness, what a great recipe! I was just looking for something to use what I had in the freezer and pantry and happened on this. Didn't expect much, kind of a steamed cabbage/sausage meal, but what a treat it turned out to be! The base recipe is great, but I used a bunch of other reviewers' ideas...I sauteed the onions and garlic in the bacon drippings, then added the other items. Rather than cutting it in quarters, I sliced the cabbage 1/2" wide, almost shredded. It wilts better that way. I also cubed 4-5 red potatoes, microwaved them to par-cook for 3 minutes, then added them to the pan with the cabbage. I also pan-fried the kielbasa separately to get it nice and browned, then added it for the final 10-15 minutes. The sugar caramelized the onions and cabbage wondefully, the red pepper added that great zingy contrast, and the potatoes brought another texture level. Delightful! I think the cabbage/potatoes/bacon mixture would make a great side dish as well, sans kielbasa. Thank you, Katherine!

The sugar made these very sweet, but delicious! I love kielbasa. I would recommend only using 1 teaspoon of caraway seeds, 3 tsp was way too much. Make sure when you turn the temp to low once you finish the bacon, because the water made lots of steam when I had the temp on med-high!

I used Hillshire Farm® Roasted Garlic Chicken Sausage (much healthier) instead of kielbasa.  Recipe doesn’t tell you how to cut the sausage, but I sliced it about 3/4-inch thick.  Super simple to make and packed with flavor.  Served with a splash of vinegar, freshly-cooked apples, and boiled baby potatoes.  Definitely would make this one again.

Love it

If you are used to a traditional kielbasa and cabbage this is not it.It is very sweet and has the spicy punch from the red pepper flakes.I love all cabbage and kielbasa and gave it a whirl but will not try again. Too many other traditional ways to make it without sugar. I love spice but this recipe truly felt confused for me. No vinegar, no acid at all.A fusion flop for us. I doctored it up after reviewing and rating it for us to 😉 we ate as suggested 1st.

Great food and recipe! Personally myself, I definitely recommend the pepper. Quick and easy to prepare, and the only thing I changed was I adder 2 tablespoons of butter.

Nice recipe. Not many changes needed, although I did add 3 tablespoons vinegar with the cabbage.

A flavorable, quick dinner.

Excellent

Excellent. Made just as written except sauteed the garlic, onions, & spices first.

Have LOVED this recipe for years! The only change I make is to add quartered Yukon potatoes that I have par-boiled in either water or chicken stock. YUM!

