It sounds like the person who gave this recipe one star didn’t even make it—how unfair--nor did he read the description correctly.  The ‘traditional’ to which the contributor is referring, is that they served it with cheese, ketchup and on a bun—like a ‘traditional’ hamburger.  Re Klupskies not being a word (really???), this is what this family called them—much like a nickname—does that mean it can’t be a good recipe? Plus, there are many family variations to most ‘traditional’ recipes –including Kotlety Mielone. Two wrongs don’t make a right, but maybe it will help, so I’m giving 5 stars without making it to help offset a very unfair and pompous review.

Very Good, quick and easy. I am sure the exact recipe is as good or better, it was a Delightful light change.  Changed things mostly  based on what I had.
I forgot to put in the Ketchup, and just tossed green pepper in the sauce pan with extra onions, since one does not love peppers.  Used a croissant  - all only bread I had. Used /2 &1/2. As WE do not keep milk in house often.  
I plan to make them again -(Do not overcook)  and will make onion Gravy like my Polish friend does. A   Keeper  Thanks  Jean - Florida Cook

Just okay-it was like meatloaf.  I would rather make meatloaf and make a sandwich from the leftovers.

Surprisingly juicy and with a hint of sweetness I don't get with other patties!

That sounds like my Mom's meat loaf recipe only made into bugers. And yes, the leftovers are awesome!

The family enjoyed the burgers. I cooked them on the George Forman.

falls apart too easy, but it's alright

They were good but fell apart.  They are basically meatloaf shaped into burger patties.  I have enough really good meatloaf recipes to pass on this one.

Very dry. The photo shows these cooking in a sauce which is definitely needed, but not part of the recipe. Might be better on a grill as opposed to the stovetop.

My polish husband loved these! I did too. And my picky kids even ate them. I used a little red bell pepper along with green bell pepper - because that’s what I had - and it gave it a bit more color. Melted a slice of velveeta on top, and served like a burger. So good! Thanks for this :-)

