It was a super easy, quick dish that tasted fantastic. I have it twice. The first time with egg noodles, and the second time I took another reviwer's suggestion and made it with wagon wheel noodles, which was the only pasta I had in the pantry at the time. Both ways turned out great. This is also a very kid friendly dish and is a nice alternative to the typical mac and cheese, which I can get burned out on.

My mom showed me how to make this years ago. But we do not use sour cream, or cottage cheese. We use Cream cheese and butter no onion either.   Try this one, you just might like it.

Delicious!!! I did add about a cup of half strength chicken broth at the end just to thin it out some since pasta dishes always thicken quite a bit.

Ok I realize this recipe is Polish so my Texas palate is unused to this different cuisine. I made the recipe as it was written & I found it to be a little bland.So I added some garlic powder & red pepper flakes & the taste was improved somewhat. Next time I willadd some canned chicken or green chiles.

My mother made this when I was a child and always fried the onions in bacon fat, huge difference in flavor.

My family is Czech heritage and this was a comfort food staple.  No sour cream necessary for me, but I do have to have a nice, sliced tomato on the side whenever I eat this delicious dish.

First time making this, I added 1/2 pound of ground beef and it was absolutely delicious! Kids approved

I’ve eaten this all my life. It is my favorite comfort food. This recipe adds onion, which I never use, but otherwise the combination of noodles, cottage cheese and sour cream creates a completely new and delicious flavor. So happy to see this publicized. One of the great recipes from the old country.

Babci made it exactly like this except she browned the butter.This is a good recipe!

I used to eat this when I was a kid but forgot how to make it. Adding the sour cream was a great addition. I served it with a side of broccoli (dressed with a little butter and lemon).I'm a one-pot person, so I changed the cooking a bit. First, I boiled the water and cooked the noodles (I like "bow ties") in a 2-quart saucepan (I prefer stainless, but non-stick will work, too). After removing the noodles from the pan, wipe with paper towel and then follow the recipe. At the end, I added about 1 tsp of parsley to give it some color.

Being American Polish, I love this dish!!!

