Having European parents, I grew up eating lots of German food. I'm not the biggest fan, particularly when it comes to any type of sausage but I just tasted this and it's absolutely delicious! I didn't have kielbasa in the house so I subbed with bratwurst and added some caraway seeds to the mix. Cooking wise, I did brown my wurst first and then added my potatoes and the rest of the ingredients. No layering here, just threw it all together.  The combination of flavors is everything one would expect from a good German dish and I know this will definitely go down as a family favorite. Thank you DJ!

This was a decent meal. I always like the combo of beer and kielbasa!  I only used about 1/3 of a head of cabbage, and it was more than enough.

This was an easy recipe to make.  The only change I made was to make it in a slow cooker crock pot due to time constraints.  It all turned out tasty.  The only recommendation I would make is to use only a half head of cabbage.  I cooked it on low setting for 5 hours.

I followed the recipe as written except I browned the kielbasa first and mixed everything together.  Great recipe for a cool day!

Love, love, love this recipe!!!  Only difference is that I slightly browned the sausage before hand and then continued with the rest of the recipe.  It was a HIT!!

Taste great, but have it maybe once a month!

I didn’t see any other reviews mentioning this, but my veggies were NOT cooked after 45 minutes simmering. The potatoes were still basically raw. If I’d let this simmer at low heat it would have taken 2-3 hours, and at that point I may as well have put it in the slow cooker. Tasted good but the cooking instructions need work.

This is a keeper! My husband and I both liked it, and it was an easy one pot meal. I made it as directed. Yum!

It was ok, kind of bland. Needed seasoning.

Good, I added a lot of spices and it was really good. Most recipes don’t have enough flavor for us so I add a lot of spices from my cupboard and my herb garden.

Making it now but wanted to try using a crockpot. Will update later.

