Here is what I did (my mom makes a dish similar to this)and it came perfect, first of all double the potatoes (to 10) milk (to 1 cup) and butter (to 12 TBS) when the potatoes are mashed mix into it the cheese and bacon mixture. Then layer potato, noodle, potato, noodle, potato, noodle.  Top with 1 onion sauteed in 1/2 cup butter and cover with aluminum foil. Then bake covered. The noodles will not get hard and the dish will disappear before your eyes!! ;-) Thanks for the recipe!

Just ok.  I probably will not make again; not enough taste to justify the high calorie to low nutrient ratio.  I made according to directions, except I added a layer of whole wheat noodles as the bottom layer to prevent sticking.   I also used "real bacon pieces" instead of frying bacon (I added them to the onion garlic saute) and folded 1/2 of that mixture into the potatoes and used the other 1/2 on top (under the second 1/2 of the cheese).  Maybe it will be better left over for lunch tomorrow.  My husband liked it, so I'd probably actualy rate it about a 31/2.  Thanks for something different!

This was tasteless.  I followed the recipe to the letter.  I won’t make it again.

had to tweek it a little but was good starter recipe.

Made this for Christmas Eve dinner and there wasn’t even a spoonful left. Like others, I doubled the potatoes (10)  and milk and also mixed the cheese and bacon into the mashed potato mixture. I also used Oven ready Gluten Free noodles so added a bit of extra potato water on top before cooking I assembled the day before and cooked for 1.5 hours

I will make this again.  I used large shell pasta since its what we had.  Then after layering and forgetting the onion mixture decided to just give it a couple stirs, topped with cheese and a dollop of sour cream when served.  Very good.

Added sour cream directly in to mashed potatoes.

between 3-4. I got the top a little crispy but it was yummy if you took that layer off.  It seemed like a lot of work but I also am super duper pregnant so that may have something to do with it.

This is very good, even though I had to leave out the bacon. I'm wishing I had replaced the bacon with something, not sure what for my vegetarian diet. Broccoli? Regardless, I'm glad I made it. Maybe next time I will use two smaller pans so hubby can have bacon in his half and I can experiment with my half.

We liked it a lot and it tasted quite like pierogi.

I was really excited about this and really WANTED to like it. I fed this to my husband, two adult sons, and my daughter in laws---all who love pierogis. I had more than 3/4 of this casserole leftover. That does not happen at my house, EVER!  You might question if I made it correctly. I did. Not to brag, but I'm a darn good cook!  My family always enjoys my cooking. In fact, my husband has a culinary degree, but the family prefers my "down home cooking" that my grandmother taught me. So very sorry to the poster of this recipe. I won't be making this again. :-(

