I followed the recipe for the most part to make the dough, but my polish family always sauteed ground beef and sauerkraut together in a pan and then used this mixture to stuff the dough.  Also after we boil the perogies, we always fry them in a pan with onions.  Not the healthiest meal, but it is very good.  I am not really sure what the "traditional" filling is, but my family either used potatos and cheese or this ground beef version, which is  the family favorite.  We also always served potato salad and coleslaw and my grandfathers homemade polish kielbasa!

I haven't tried this particular perogy recipe, but a genral tip for perogy dough making: Reserve the water you boiled your potatoes in, and use that to make your dough. The starch makes the dough easier to roll and handle.

My son and I made this for the first time (minus the bacon - he’s vegetarian) and while the finished perogies were delicious, this recipe is very misleading, both in the time it takes and the amount of ingredients. I ended up with approx 2 pounds of mashed potato left over, and it took over 3 hours to make from start to finish with two of us working on it (him on dough, me on filling) due to the time to put the perogies together. Also I have no idea where the author of this recipe got the serving sizes (it says it makes 16 servings = 16 perogies?? With 5lbs of potatoes??)). We probably ended up with 60+ which would only give 3-4 per person if the # servings is to be believed. So we have a ton in the freezer which is probably the best way to do this since they are kind of a pain to make fresh unless you have a lot of time.

we made this for dad daughter cooking night, dough was very sticky had to add more flower. We also used instant mashed potatoes because we got lazy. future plans to make different fillings, broccoli and cheese, maybe a Mexican one!!

Too much potato, unless you double or triple the dough part. Otherwise it was easy to make. A bit time consuming but that’s okay!

I used this for the dough recipe.  I made two different fillings.  People like the potato spinach one.  Just added drained bag of spinach to the potatoes.  I used the instant potatoes to save time and they came out fine.

mine did not look so pretty, but they tasted awesome. However 5lbs of potato makes way too much filling.

Made too much dough for how much filling used, other than that tasty and would definitely recommend frying a little after you boil for a crispy outside

Just like my grandma made!

i did a sweet potato/ricotta/jalapeno filling and boiled first then pan fried.  Delicious.  Dough recipe was a bit too wet, had to add more flour.

I found this dough really sticky and wound up adding a half cup more flour to make it workable.

