I also have been making this recipe for years. The only other thing I do is after I saute the cabbage I add chicken broth to the cabbage to steam. This way you can cut the butter down and give the cabbage more flavor. We love it!

This was good, but didn't taste like my mother's! I called her and asked her what she did with hers. She chops up the cabbage, salts it, lets it sit for about 10-15 minutes, then rings the water out of it and sautees it in butter or margarine. And she DOESN'T use onions! I think the onions ruined it for me. It still tasted pretty good, but not as yummy as my mom's! Next time...no onions.

9/23/10
I made this recipe again using my mother's tips (see above) and OH.MY.WORD.!!!! It was PERFECT! Definitely (in my opinion) NO ONIONS! The cabbage gets a sweet taste when you cook it and, combined with the salt and butter, it's mouth-watering. Brings me back to my childhood! :) With no onions and salting the cabbage before you cook it, I give it FIVE STARS!

Again being American Polish, Love this recipe!!

I started out making egg noodles at home and remembered I had this recipe saved. I used a red burgundy sweet onion from my garden and homegrown cabbage also. Even the eggs in the egg noodle recipe were from my hens. I loved this recipe, so delicious!

I  used the same ingredients as in this recipe except that I used my Instant Pot for sautéing/cooking, and my Air Fryer lid for browning! After sautéing, I used my instant high pressure setting for two minutes,  followed by a 10 minute natural release. I then used my air fryer lid on its “Bake” setting at 325 degrees for 15-20 minutes for browning. I think it still would’ve been delicious without browning it with the air fryer lid, but I liked  the presentation so I used it.

Maybe my cabbage wasn’t so tender,  but I needed to add water to steam the cabbage a little.

Love it! One of my favorites!

onions are a must !! onions, butter cabbage n sugar mixed with egg noodles !!! true Hungarian way sweet cabbage hulaskai probably spelled that wrong lol . Its a delicious meal ! everyone loves it ! All played by eye n taste ,true cooking style not measuring

I remember my grandmother making these when I was little.   I've been making these since I learned how to cook.   I add 2 cloves of chopped garlic and also use chopped white onions and paprika for some color.   The cabbage is also great without the noodles as a side dish.

Another yummy comfort food! Go and get that delicious sausage and pair it with this side dish! You will love it on that chilly stay in night :)

Delicious. Made it with 8 oz. Of pasta which was plenty. Very easy.

