Note to reviewers and future recipe users: There are two kinds of dumplings - one is a heavy, dense pasta-like dumpling (like this recipe) and the other is a puffy biscuit-like dumpling.  These dumplings are just as they are supposed to be for a dense dumpling!

My family hated this recipe.  As a matter of fact, they would not even eat because it was all they had...this does not happen often.  I was so disappointed.

I'm so happy to find this recipe!  It mirrors very closely my grandmother and great-grandmother's chicken and dumpling recipe.  I make soup from a chicken add a lot of veggies and try to leave time for a day of rest in the fridge before heating it up again and making the dumplings.  I have no time for those baking powder fluffy dumplings in homemade soup.  We Norwegians make egg and flour and salt dumplings.  4 eggs, 2-3 cups of flour, a little salt.  After you sort the chicken bones from the soup, bring it to a boil and drop by spoonfuls the egg/flour mixture for about 30 minutes.  Unbeatable!

YUMMY!! and I am American Polish!!!!!

I enjoyed making this recipe. Turned out pretty tasty.

I think I originally printed this recipe in 2008ish? They are my favorite dumplings ever and we've had them a million times over the years. The last time I tried to make them I could Not find my recipe and I shed alot of tears! These dumplings are a staple at my house and we were all very sad. I did some digging and found the two other pages of the recipe that thankfully had the name and poster on it!  I am so happy and thank you for this great recipe that I'll pass to my kids!

I came here for the dumpling recipe. LOVE THEM!!! 
Followed the dumpling recipe without making changes.
Cooked them in the chicken stock I made. Had to take the cooked dumplings out of the pot to make room for my veggies and chicken to go back in. 
You can never have too many dumplings in my opinion, but if you want to keep things to one pot, then just half the dumpling recipe. 
Very similar to how my mom makes them ?

Only used the dumpling recipe, excellent.

Love the dumplings.  I don't add the canned soup, sometimes just a bit of half and half.  And I also add more vegetables.

I was looking for a recipe I lost after my mom passed and this was so close thank you

I loved my Mom’s version of chicken and dumplings, this recipe is very close to how I remember hers.

