Terrific! I  grew up in South Bend and cannot find ANY Polish food  here in Oregon which compares to that from home, not even at our local St Stan's parish. The only thing to have made this dish better would to have had it made and served by the Polish ladies at St Hedwig hall! Now, if only Eby's shipped kielbasa....

Another polaczek from South Bend! Almost every holiday we had polish noodles and sausage from the Skillet! I have seen this exact recipe printed and put on the fridge! My mom and aunt make theirs ahead of time and bake! So happy to see this recipe! Memories!

I also live in South Bend and this is my favorite part of the polish buffets here. I have not been able to find this recipe anywhere...until now! Turned out exactly as expected and surprisingly easy. Thank you!

I’ve been looking for this recipe  for awhile now.  I’m from South Bend and had the traditional Polish wedding and want to make a meal for my grandkids since they’ve never had it before.

This is how I boil mine, but add a stick of butter and a can of cream of chicken soup when they are done!

Another "Bender" here and THANK YOU for sharing this recipe!  I made it last week for a nephew's going away party and everyone loved it!  Making it again for Christmas!

Grew up in South Bend also. I add Heinz gravy at the end and also put parsley on top. Awesome dish! Also add a stick of butter. We also make this as a complete meal time to time and add chopped smoked turkey.

I grew up in South Bend Indiana and have been in  Az for 21 years now.  Really miss having these dishes and was thrilled to find this one and all the fellow Hoosiers

Great and easy side dish that I’d make again. I bought thick egg noodles at Aldi and used those. I also added granulated onion and granulated garlic, because that’s my thing. These noodles would be AMAZING under a Beef Stew on a cold day. I’m feeding men here and they really liked these. Thanks for the recipe.

I am from South Bend too and sure do miss a good Polish Wedding (and the food).  This is the way I traditionally make it as well.  Except I add a little bit of yellow food coloring sometimes.  This was something my mother in law did to give it great color.

