I make halushki (cabbage and noodles) all the time, but usually use turkey kielbasa in place of the bacon and add a bit of butter at the end of cooking right before serving.  Today, Italy met Poland when I subbed Johnsonville® mild ground Italian sausage for the bacon.  Delish!  I still added 2 TBS of butter to finish.  Yum. Don't forget to use LOTS of fresh ground black pepper!

This isn't real halushki. Sorry. It's what my Czeck family called "lazy halushki" and we never put bacon in it. It's made with potatoe dumplings and no noodles.

It turned out good. Somewhat fast. I used Apple wood flavored bacon. It has a good taste. Not the last time I make it. I didn't use a head of cabbage or a lb. Of bacon. I used enough to make it the skillet.  Only one person.  I used 1/4 of cabbage and half a large onion and half pkg of bacon.

It was a remarkably easy dish to prepare, and it turned out to be incredibly delicious. I followed the recipe exactly, without making any changes or alterations. Although I have always been fond of cabbage, I had never tried combining it with pasta before. Typically, I enjoy my cabbage with onions and potatoes. Initially, I had concerns that the pasta might taste undercooked based on the recipe, but it turned out to have a delightful texture and taste. Additionally, I decided to add a small pinch of caraway seeds to the dish, as the video suggested. Although I'm not particularly fond of the taste of caraway, it elevated the overall flavour of the dish, and the occasional burst of caraway taste was a delightful addition to the recipe.However, I strongly advise against consuming this dish during a sleepover or when hosting formal guests, as it may lead to significant flatulence after consumption.I will definitely be making it again.

Halushki are Slovak, not Polish

My kids love it as well as we do.

I use salt pork in place of bacon. My late polish mother  in law recipe. Tried it with bacon, did not like it.

I've been making Halushki for years but I omit the salt and substitute garlic salt in it's place.

It was OK. I followed  the recipe, and I would have liked a little more flavour than just salt and pepper, and it said a head of cabbage, but i think next time, I'll try different seasonings and less cabbage.

I did step 3 in reverse. After sautéing the bacon and onion (plus I added 1/2c celery and 2 TBLS diced garlic) instead of transferring the bacon/cabbage to the pasta pot, I added the pasta to the cabbage mix. You need a large, deep sauté pan to do this but I think it turned out better this way. I think you need to season with S&P throughout the cabbage sauté process. This was good but needed more flavor for my preference. Glad I tried. Thanks Laura!

Easy, quick, and yummy!

