Both my husband and I really like this recipe as long as we didn't eat too much of it. It can become a litte over powering with all the sauerkraut and Thousand Island Dressing. In order to soak up some of the juices, I topped the caserole with rye bread cubes near the end of the cooking time. This made it even more authentically Reuben.

This is great recipe for a variation make this into roll by pounding the breasts flat.  Take the flat chicken breast and lay it flat lay a slice of corned beef then the cheese then the sauerkraut and roll it up. Place the rols in a dish preferably pyrex and bake.  Instead of Thousand Island try serving it with Hollandaise sauce (just ladle over the individual rolls on each plate). If you serve ths with a pasta side & some broccoli or asparagus it makes a great meal and is very pleasing to the eye as well as the tongue!

My Mom made Chicken Ruben back in the 1980's.  Recipe was on the bag of sauerkraut.  It quickly became a family favorite.

I forgot to add that I layered the ingredients in a different order: chicken, sauerkraut, dressing, cheese. This way the cheese would get a little brown.

This was super simple to put together. Amazing flavor, too. My wife REALLY loved it!!

This was so easy and easy to adjust to a lower sodium diet by simply not sprinkling salt on the chicken. It was so good that I emailed the recipe to my son that has to always be super careful about how he eats because he is in the Air Force, but needs easy single friendly meals that are not Ramen

My husband loves this recipe but then we both love sauerkraut.  Because we need to keep our sodium intake down, I rinse the sauerkraut very well before I use it.

My family didn't really like this at all

Followed exact instructions and my hubby and I really liked it. The chicken was really tender. This is a great dish if you're craving sauerkraut!

Delicious!

As other said, I liked all the ingredients and thought this would be a five.  I followed recipe except for reducing the Thousand Island Dressing.  I am glad I did because the baking dish was swimming in sauce.  I didn't finish mine and my partner did but we got rid of the leftovers.  It was easy to make - oh, I also reduced the cooking time to 50 minutes and it was cooked.  I would think it depends on the thickness of the chicken.

