i've made this recipe twice so far with different results.  The first time I made it I had to wing it with a few of the ingredients (I was short on brown sugar), and I also used raw kielbasa instead of pre-cooked (smoked??) like hillshire farms or the like.  When I made it the first time, it was good but didn't make me rave over it.  I decided to give it another go for my superbowl party and this time I made sure I had all of the ingredients on hand (I also tripled the recipe to accomodate the amount of guests I had).  I used hillshire farms kielbasa this time and WOW what a difference it was!  This is a fantastic recipe and I will most definitely be using it again and again and again.

Did a trial run last night to see if I liked this enough to make it for a superbowl party...and the answer is no.  I followed the advice of others and only used 8 oz ketchup and 1/2 the amount of brown sugar.  Girl likes her ketchup, but this was way too ketchupy, sweet and vinegary, all at the same time.  Not a good mix of flavors, IMHO.  Thanks anyway!

Made it as is but used two Kielbasa links (13oz each). This is plenty of sauce for even a third link. It is very tasty as it is, but I would love to add pineapple next time. My father requested this dish for our non traditional Thanksgiving as we will be watching football and eating appetizers throughout the day. I normally would just throw a few bottles of La Choy sauce in a crockpot with two links, but I did not have any to use. This does not cost very much to prepare, and I had most of the ingredients already. Can't wait to hear my father's take on it, but is surely has my approval.

This a very good dish, we served it over rice. If you like pineapple, it would be very good mixed in.

family loved! we didn't have apple cider vinegar and can't go to stores right now it wasn't missed but next time I will add it.

This is one of the most amazing sauces I have ever tasted. Everything blends to perfection. I am allergic to Worcester sauce, so I substituted soy sauce and a dash of dark chocolate coco power. Amazing.

No changes and yes i will make it again!

Good, but the homemade sauce cost much more than a preade one.

I served this at a euchre party and EVERYONE raved about it.  So delicious. However, the ketchup amount is too confusing. Just say 2 cups instead. And I  added 3 smoked kielbasa  and there was plenty of sauce. Will definitely make this again.

you can't go wrong with this...i cooked it stove top letting it simmer for about 15 minutes...came out great!  Great appetizer or even a main dish with rice & broccoli !

Made a trial run a few days ago with a half recipe, we all loved it. I'm making it again for our entire family Christmas Party and this will now be a staple for our gatherings.

