Good basic recipe for stuffed cabbage rolls.  My grandmother was Hungarian, and she used ground pork and beef, but there is much less fat in these.  The only change I made was to spread half a can of sauerkraut in the dish before adding the rolls, and spread the other half on top of the rolls.  Add 1 cup of water to the dish, pour over the tomato sauce and sprinkle a teaspoon of caraway seeds over the top.  Cover and bake for 1 hour 15 minutes.  And there you have it!  You have just changed Polish Cabbage Rolls into Hungarian Stuffed Cabbage!  The sauerkraut makes all the difference in the world!

Pretty good; the straight tomato sauce from the can on top was not my favorite flavor, though. It needs more kick or zip or something.

Love it! I made a vegetarian half-batch (served two people) using an 8oz package of Tofurky seasoned chick'n that I shredded. It was far tastier and held together better than the lentil-based versions I'd tried in the past. I used sage since I had no marjoram and added a tablespoon of Annie's vegan Worcestershire for a little extra oomph. So glad to have a veg cabbage roll recipe I can count on. Thanks so much!

Very good! I made two ways: as written which was "good" and then I made with ground beef and used mushroom soup instead of tomato and we liked that much better. Thanks for sharing!

All good except for using tomato sauce. It’s too strong. My mom used tomato juice & that’s what I prefer. It’s light & doesn’t overpower the other flavors.

Instead of boiling the cabbage leaves I put the whole head of cabbage in the freezer overnight and the leaves come out soft and pliable.

These are super easy, as the title implies. I utilized my Instant Pot to steam my cabbage for about 10 minutes, which was a tad too long as the outer few leaves tore apart but I still had plenty of usable leaves. If you happen to not have canned tomato sauce on hand and you’re a gardener a good substitute is home canned stewed tomatoes with a couple tablespoons of tomato paste to make sauce. To cut acidity I did add a tablespoon of brown sugar to my sauce mixture. Also sprinkled in a little Italian seasonings for a little flavor boost to the sauce. These were delicious and very close to a recipe I’ve used for years. The meat mixture was perfect. Although I didn’t do it for this recipe, I have cheated with not rolling the meat mixture with the cabbage, but instead layering chopped cabbage in the bottom of the pan, followed by oblong “meatballs”, sauce, and then more cabbage, topped with remaining sauce to make more of a casserole. Just a tip for those who may dismiss making cabbage rolls thinking it’s too much work. I did use ground beef as the submitter mentions in the cooks notes. I never have ground chicken on hand. Thank you for the tasty recipe.

Added less salt and used chorizo instead of sausage.  Quite good

I had to omit the garlic, as I am allergic to it. Then I also did not have any tomato sauce, so I used a jar of green enchilada sauce that I had. it turned out great. Hubby said that it was a really good recipe that you could use many different types of sauce to change it up.... This is going to be one that I will keep and use often. It was very simple one to make!

I loved it , no changes, it was so easy and my family enjoyed very much . thank you

Not like the authentic recipe, sorry. It may be easy, but too bland for our taste. We use beef/sausage with different spices; ground turkey or chicken doesn't do it for us. Secret ingredient is a dollop of bacon fat to the rice before mixing in the ground meat mixture. We do bake it in the oven with cabbage leaves and sauce on bottom of pan before rolls added, then more sauce on top. Hint: to get rid of that boiling cabbage smell, change the water a couple times. It may take a tad longer, but your home will thank you for it.

