Lazy Golumpki Haiku: "Used some of cook's notes, coz we don't like it too saucy. Couple swaps as well." Unlike the recipe submitter who prefers a wetter golumpki, we want it a little more dry, so I only used 1 15 oz. can of Hunt's tomato sauce; I believe it was an Italian-seasoned one. To save a step, I used a coleslaw-mix produce bag, but added some work back in (lol) by using 1/2 chopped onion instead of onion powder. This is one of those very forgiving, very comforting casseroles that some may call bland, but we just love. Other than it possibly needing garlic (and myself adding Sriracha to my plate), I think it was great. Making it ahead of time and leaving it covered in the oven for a bit longer than the recipe stated (so the cabbage on top didn't char too much) made dinner even easier.

Bland as is.  Try chopping a large onion, sautée well in butter ( not caramelized, but really cooked to bring out flavor) separate from meat, add salt and pepper (no garlic neede), then combine with cooked meat and rice.  In other words, cook each thing…rice, meat, onions, separately,then combine.  Add canned tomatoes, diced, crushed, chopped, etc, but NOT flavored with basil or peppers…just plain tomatoes in tomato juice.  Also add a can or more of chicken broth to pot before baking.

It was delicious! I didn’t have crushed tomatoes so instead used a 15oz can of tomato sauce and a can of Rotel hot with the tomato soup. I also added a tsp of smoked paprika, garlic powder and 2 tsp of Worcestershire sauce to the tomato mixture. I cut up a small onion and cooked it with the hamburger instead of onion powder. This is so delicious

It’s what I call deconstructing cabbage rolls!!  My mom was 100% Hungarian and I grew up learning to make cabbage rolls.  As a working adult I made deconstructed cabbage rolls and my family loved it.  I layer the ingredients (hamburger cooked with onions, garlic, paprika, salt and pepper). I also boil rice as that’s how I know cabbage rolls.  So some thinly sliced or chopped cabbage on the bottom, hamburger, rice, and repeat.  I then empty a small can of tomato sauce in a measuring cup add some water and pour it around.  Final layer is cabbage.  My addition is ketchup mixed with brown sugar and some dry mustard.  Then spoon it on top.  Top with foil and bake 350x1hr or until cabbage is softened.

Added chopped onions and garlic. This is an amazing recipe! My family loves it and so do I. Excited for leftovers.

The only changes were my seasonings.My husband loved it! It was very easy to make and tasted great! Beats making the rolls!

I agree with you about the sauce. My mom always made the in rolls, but they were dry. I like this way because I can use more sauce. I always make it the day before I serve it so the flavor is enhanced. I season differently,  but thats my preference. Great recipe !!

Bland as is.  Try chopping a large onion, sautée well in butter ( not caramelized, but really cooked to bring out flavor) separate from meat, add salt and pepper (no garlic neede), then combine with cooked meat and rice.  In other words, cook each thing…rice, meat, onions, separately,then combine.  Add canned tomatoes, diced, crushed, chopped, etc, but NOT flavored with basil or peppers…just plain tomatoes in tomato juice.  Also add a can or more of chicken broth to pot before baking.

Topped it with fried onions and went a little easier on the sauce.  Also used basmati rice.  This is a fun quick recipe to mess around with.  I think it will take several attempts to find my favorite variation but the suggestions here are a great start and I’m looking forward trying them!

I added a tablespoon of Worcester sauce and 2 tablespoons of white vinegar to the sauce for a little extra flavor.  So good and so much easier than making the rolls.

I like the recipe but I reduced the sauce because I just like it lighter. I replaced the onion power with 1/4 medium onion and added paprika, garlic powder, a good amount of dill, and some parsley. I season it similarly to navy noodles.

