I have been Ukrainian most of my childhood, and for sure all of my adult life.  As such, I have had my share of pierogis, and have the physique to show for it.  My wife and I were making pirogies just yesterday, with a new potato, bacon, onion, and cheese recipe (which was way too Sticky) hint portion the pierogis filling out using a Mellon baller.  Anyways 
I digress, getting back to this kick bass dough recipe, if you are on the fence at all about using it, the fence is not a great place to be.  You have found ‘THE RECIPE’ now roll up your sleeves, call your hubby to wash his hands, and just getter done.  BTW if you like “flatties” (just rolled dough with no filling) you will absolutely love this dough

Made this recipe as written several times and have no idea what I’m doing wrong. Maybe it just can’t be scaled down, which I did because I didn’t want to waste ingredients that have been difficult to get. Agree with another review as more liquid is needed to make the dough pliable. At one point I even added a tad more sour cream and milk. I felt like I got closer to making the dough in further attempts even to the point I thought it felt perfect and rolled out perfectly in my last attempt, but they just broke apart completely while cooking.  Sorry, this recipe just isn't working for me.

Recipe was simple enough to follow. I used 1.5 cups of almond milk which was prob a smidge too much but it all worked out.

I liked this recipe. Had to add quite a bit more milk to get the right consistency.

I have been Ukrainian most of my childhood, and for sure all of my adult life.  As such, I have had my share of pierogis, and have the physique to show for it.  My wife and I were making pirogies just yesterday, with a new potato, bacon, onion, and cheese recipe (which was way too Sticky) hint portion the pierogis filling out using a Mellon baller.  Anyways 
I digress, getting back to this kick bass dough recipe, if you are on the fence at all about using it, the fence is not a great place to be.  You have found ‘THE RECIPE’ now roll up your sleeves, call your hubby to wash his hands, and just getter done.  BTW if you like “flatties” (just rolled dough with no filling) you will absolutely love this dough

iv used this site and recipe b4 over yrs but I never had bad results like this.. I tried to make this way and used what what was called for and I did not have good luck with this at all. I don't know what I did wrong but the dough was way to sticky but when I added more flour a tablespoon at time by the time it was as should be the dough was to dry. it rolled nicely and held together for boil but it puffed up to much and was more of a dumpling like texture. the only thing I know I did diff was I used dough hook beaters and not reg. I thought I use for all other doughs but maybe this caused the issue? I'm making for xmas brunch and I'm soooo nervous !

This recipe was easy.

I made this recipe twice, the first time I halved it and this time I made the whole recipe, and it turned out more firm the second time, I took the advice from a previous review and just added more milk. Cook these with potatoes and onion, or potatoes and cheese, and serve with kielbasa with onions and bell peppers kids love it.

I’ve been making this dough for many years now and it works equally well for both perogi and Chinese dumplings.   I get a kick out of the Chinese when they taste my dumplings and don’t believe a lawai (foreigner) can beat them at their dishes.
I have to come back to this recipe occasionally to check because people keep stealing my hard copy.
I guess this is also a testament on how good it is too.

Made a similar dough with half the amounts of each ingredient and no milk. Rested dough for 20 minutes before rolling. Turned out great.

