This dish is very popular in Buffalo, where I live-especially during football season, and I make it often.   The only issues I have with this recipe are: 1.   that it presumably uses the drippings from a half pound of bacon in which to fry the onions.  Seems like a lot of grease to me.  I just leave a tablespoon or so in the pan. 2.  I double the amount of mushrooms.  They cook way down and add a lot of flavor and texture. 3.  I drain and squeeze the sauerkraut dry, but do not rinse it.  Rinsing makes a much blander dish. It's just as easy to double the recipe, considering all the prep and dirty pans,   and makes great leftoivers

The taste was not so  great, but the texture was oddly addicting.  Probably will not try this one again.

Love the recipe but you have to use fresh mushrooms. I used portobellos. And to make it vegetarian I left out the bacon and added shredded cheddar. Kind of like the potato cheese variety.

I doubled up the mushrooms (I prefer canned in this) & sauerkraut and added milk to the soup mix. I drained most of the grease out before doing the onions. Subbed in 3 color veggie rotelle.

I see another home chef was from Buffalo and that's where I am as well. Had been craving this and tonight was the night!

I make homemade pierogies for the holidays.  When I run out I make this.  Great substitute when you don't have time.

Average prep time. Husband loved it

Great easy way to use cream of mushroom soup instead of just green bean casserole. Instead of bacon though I use smoked polish sausage. It’s a great dish for the cold buffalo winters!

This was just ok, neither my husband nor myself cared to have it again. We did not drain or rinse the sauerkraut-per some of the reviews, so it was a little tangy for my taste.

This was sooooo good!!!  My Polish ancestors were smiling down on me when I found this recipe!

I substituted kielbasa for bacon, delicious!

Next time I would not drain the sauerkraut to the point of no liquid. It turned out very dry.

