Very good.  I had lost my family recipe for this dish.  The only thing I added that is in my old recipe is 1 cup of sour cream mixed with the mushroom soup.
Thanks Bea.

Honestly, just okay.  The recipe makes a TON -- literally filled my dutch oven -- and takes quite a while to cook.  I ate all the leftovers but probably won't make it again.  If I'm feeling lazy, I'll just go with frozen pierogis!

Coming from a 100% Polish woman. You should use egg noodles, salt pork, saurkraut and cabbage, onions, butter, salt, pepper. And do not bake, make on stove in a large frying pan.

Very good substitute for real pierogi.   Lots of flavor, yet easy to put together.

A bit too much butter, I'd say!  But otherwise, very tasty.

Hmm, definitely would agree with previous reviewers. missing SOMETHING. I even sauteed the cabbage and onion in olive oil to add flavor, and added a little bit of sauteed green peppers. I sprinkled the top with garlic cheese bread crumbs, then baked it on 350 for 10 minutes. It still just mostly tasted like cream of mushroom soup... Not sure how I will tweak it next time, but definitely want to try it again! My hubby loved it! :) Maybe garlic? Definitely Polska Kielbasas would be delicious but then this couldn't really be called a Pierogi Casserole... :)

I made this recipe in the summer for a picnic and loved it.  It makes a lot so I shared it with the neighbors, my Polish Priest, etc.

Good, easy meal for a cold day. We even whipped up our own white sauce with mushrooms to make it even more "homemade". (I only gave it a 4 b/c it was pretty "heavy".)

My Polish MIL makes this often, but  she doubles the amount of pasta and skips the condensed soup.  She also tosses it all together in a baking dish and bakes it for 30 mintues at 350 degrees.  4 stars for her version.  2 stars for this one.

We like to add turkey kielbasa. We cut in to discs and brown in olive oil, then add to the mixture and bake the entire casserole (put Italian breadcrumbs on top). Delicious!

Very very yummy.  I add keilbasa and cut down the butter.

