Awesome recipe.  Easy to follow.  Do yourself a nice favor and brush these with olive oil before you bake them ;)Blessings

Tried it first with the onion filling and we were not keen on the flavor.  But really liked the bread itself and made it again today just skipped the filling entirely.  Tasted very much like bagels but much easier to do, and slightly crisper tops.  Thank you.

Everything, and I do mean EVERYTHING I've made from Chef John's recipes are winners, absolute crowd-pleasing winners. These bialys are no exception. This is the second time I made them. This time I used "everything" seasoning to the tops, versus just poppy seeds.

Awesome recipe.  Easy to follow.  Do yourself a nice favor and brush these with olive oil before you bake them ;)Blessings

A long time ago I worked for a non-Kosher Jewish deli called Munch-a-Bagel (I was the fry cook). Best bagels and bialys ever in my life! Marge & Leon Rich--fed everyone with love. I like Chef John and we make a lot of his food. It never disappoints! Taste--comparatively to Leon's-- was excellent. The texture perfect. Mine look too popped up. Next time I will make the dough much flatter before putting it in the oven so they will be  more like a NY bialy.  It  could be my oven or an altitude thing.If I may mention... the perogies. We boiled and then fried them. You could use those tasty treats as weapons--people will do anything to eat those!  Thank you Chef John, love you!

Great recipe. I have also made the dough and left it in the fridge for a few days. Just bring it out about 12 hours before.  Used the airfryer as I have no oven at the cabin. 6 minutes at 400F. Thank you again Chef John

Don't let these dry out! I have made this 5 times and it was otherwise foolproof!

Tried this twice just to make sure I didn't mess anything up measuring the first time. 1 and a half cups of water isn't enough to hydrate the flour mixture and make a sticky dough. My guess is the author didn't measure and guessed how much he used after. Unless you're an expert in dough making that can eyeball the amount of water you need I'd recommend not wasting your time and ingredients.

the dough seemed a little wet, but it turned great and was delicious!

Being from NY my wife and I are used to old fashioned Bialys. This recipe is one of the closest tasting ones that we can remember. I used to make one that had a little more of a sour taste but this one is really good. Had to make a couple without onions for someone but I think that is sacrilegious. lol

