This one, according to my husband...ROCKED! Essentially, it's like the sandwich, only layered and baked. One change I made since I was making it for people I didn't know very well, was instead of rye bread, I purchased at my local grocer an "Asiago Cheese Loaf" I think any firm bread would be great, but the cheese bread, along with the other ingredients, were a perfect match. Husband, says,"Put this one into the rotation" High praise indeed! :) Also, it was so rich, that I think that next time I can substitute Low Cal 1000 Island, and I know he won't notice!

Expensive recipe...total cost for meal $16.11. Will need to adjust a few things next time, will toast the bread first and use more cheese, omit russian dressing (good flavor) but try 1000 island like the sandwich is served when eating out. teenage son did not care for daughter loved.

I added cut up dill pickles.  It was the perfect touch. This is very good.

Tastes amazing my family loves this casserole and I plan to make it for them again !! Wonderful idea

Love it I've also made it for a non-Jewish friend she is crazy for it even her picky eaters look forward to when I make it I am making one today for her

I make mine with a bag of curly egg noodles, a can of corned beef, a large can of sauerkraut, rinsed and drained, Swiss cheese and a large bottle of Russian dressing. A can of cream of celery soup.Shred the corned beef from the can. Cook the noodles, drain and add the corned beef, sauerkraut, cream of celery soup, the bottle of Russian dressing. Mix together and put half of the mixture into a greased 9 by 13 pan, layer with half the Swiss cheese, add the remaining mixture and finish with the Swiss cheese. Cover and bake at 350 for 45 minutes. Uncover and put back in the oven for another 5 minutes.

It was delicious 😋The only thing different I did was toast my Rye bread and it stayed very crunchy. This is the first time I ever made this and I will definitely be making it again for get togethers. It was so easy.

I make this for my husband for week night dinner and often for parties.  Everyone loves it

This was delicious. Used what was on hand: brown sugar ham instead of corned beef, sourdough bread (toasted then cubed) instead of rye. Homemade thousand island and this was a winner.

This was so easy, we loved  it, I will make again, add more dressing we like it juicy

terrible!!

