This was one of and still is my favorite soup. A lot of people think because it has duck blood in it that it is gross. But honestly, it is the best soup in the world! The best way to explain the taste of this soup is like a sweet & sour soup, you can add more sugar or more vinegar. All depends on your taste

I have been making this for over 40 years.  My grandfather and grandmother [100% Croation & Polish] shared a secret with my father who then shared it with me.  We do not use onions or garlic or celery or cream in the soup.  Just the fruit, apples, raisins, and prunes.    After deboning the duck and adding the fruit, I mix the vinegar [I prefer Balsamic] and sugar together and add to the soup.  Since it is hard to find the duck blood [which I would prefer] the secret ingredient to add the final robust flavor and achieve the true color of this delectable is Kitchen Bouquet.  Add as much as you need to satisfy your taste as you remember it. Start small and add more as needed.   Been making this for decades this way; have shared it with other cravers of this delicacy and they cannot tell it does not have the blood.  We always had it with wide egg noodles, some like perogies, however you remember or like it.  Enjoy what is truly a long-time tradition for holidays and special events.  Povitica is always good with it as well!

I rarely make changes the first time I prepare a recipe, & I didn't this time, either. I loved this recipe! As it was not hunting season, I got a duck from a local farmer, and the vinegar did prevent coagulation, just like she said it would. The interplay of all the flavors, and the subtle richness of the sauce was incredible.  I will definitely make it again. I can hardly wait for duck season, when I can make it to my heart's content.  I fear some people will be hesitant to procure a freshly butchered duck, which is a shame, because they will miss out on a truly glorious dish. Thank you, thank you, for submitting this recipe.

I have made a similar recipe but never with any dairy.  I can not purchase duck's blood.  I found a German recipe that is similar and uses port wine.  I've made it this way several times and was pleased with the result.

My grandmother mades this with pears instead of apples. And where would I find ducks blood? It has been a long time since i have had this soup, and my grandmother is gone now so I have no idea how to find the blood..?

Mother's is always best, right?  So I agree with most ingredients except the heavy cream.  It's just too heavy and too risky for a fruity soup with vinegar and lemon flavors!  Also, I put in onions and garlic and celery leaves and bay laurel leaves.  I put all the fruits, spices and vegetables in together with the duck and then strain the soup in a cheesecloth-lined colander. Then add the blood and thickening as expertly directed.  It's an all morning process, but so worth the trouble.  Especially with the homemade kluski!  My family eats the potato kluski by the ton!

This was one of and still is my favorite soup. A lot of people think because it has duck blood in it that it is gross. But honestly, it is the best soup in the world! The best way to explain the taste of this soup is like a sweet & sour soup, you can add more sugar or more vinegar. All depends on your taste

