Good plain food!  Only change I made was in technique.  I sauteed the thinly sliced kielbasa in a little oil til it was nicely browned.  Then taking a slotted spoon I removed to a warm platter while I prepared rest of meal.  Returned sausage to main pan for last ten minutes of cooking.  This way the potatoes and onion soaked up the flavor from the sausage oil.  And I was able to limit oil use to a little over 2 tablespoons.  Will prepare this again and again during the cold winter months.  Very economical too!  Thank you for sharing this recipe.

YIKES!!! The fat, cholesterol & sodium content was way to high!! Substituted the 1/4 cup of vegetable oil to sunflower oil, and only used 1/3 cup measurement! Kielbasa is not the best healthy choice so I picked chicken instead :) You can get just as much protein from chicken!

Delicious recipe. Made a few minor adjustments. I seasoned the potatoes & onions first. Then got nice brown to them, then added peppers. I also used roasted garlic instead of garlic powder. I use smoked sausage because that's what I had. Browned the links whole. Gave option of using hoagie roll or slicing sausage into potatoes. Great either way. Great as leftovers too. (if there's any  left). Will definitely make again.

This was wonderful! I did follow tips from others and browned the sausage first and used less oil. I also added a bit of water to the pan, covered and steamed the potatoes to cook. Used red and green bell peppers, fresh garlic and added smoked paprika. I added 4 eggs and baked until set and sprinkled with fresh parsley. So Good! Everyone loved it.

Big hit with my wife and 15 year old son. I used a light olive oil then served it with a rustic bread used for wiping up the bottom of the pan. Yum.

Family liked and will make again. Thank you.

This was very tasty!  I grew up on something similar (potatoes, onions and eggs - cook potatoes and onions, then top with scrambled eggs)  I had some turkey kielbasa to use and found this. Glad I did. Good comfort food - filling and delicious. I imagine you could add anything else you wanted but I like this as-is. Thanks for sharing!

Such an amazingly simplistic meal with amazing flavor

It was delicious and most importantly easy and fast to make!  I will definitely make this again!

I had Polish sausage with cheddar cheese in it so I used that.  Also used red bell pepper vs. green since red is easier on the ol gut for me.  Didn’t use as much oil.  Turned out good and will make again.  Thank u for sharing this.

added red cabbage

