I have been wanting to try this recipe for several years. Theother day someone gave us a dozen farm fresh eggs and I needed to use them. I gave it 4 stars because 1. the directions don't say when to add the sugar (I did in the first step when prepping the yeast) and 2. It is a LARGE recipe, and when I say large, I mean industrial sized. I halved the recipe and thought the dough was taking over. But it made a very nice and tasty bread. My advice would be to halve the recipe and to it in two stages as I did. I am giving away as Christmas gifts and I kept a loaf for myself...beautiful presentation (I braided the bread as suggested in the recipe) and tastes great.

the only problem with this recipie for people like me who dont bake bread very often is when are you supposed to add the sugar?

Was easy to make. I did half the recipe. Made 3 loaves. Will make again. Next time I’m going to add raisins.

i have never made bread before. this was my first time. i actually have only baked a few times. this recipe was very easy to flow but also, i wouldnt recommend it for first timers. this made way more than i expected. when i saw it took a whole 5lbs of flower, i should have known. make sure you have LARGE bowls for the dough to rise in. also, the dough was very sticky. i actually used gloves to place them on the pans. overall, the bread tasted great. and the recipe was very well written. thank you for sharing

Bread is absolutely delicious! I made it exactly as written. This recipe is an authentic Polish recipe. This is the exact recipe that was given to my grandmother by a friendmany many years ago. Thank you for sharing.

This recipe made 7 beautiful large braids.   The only change, it took an additional 4 cups of flour to make it kneadable.

Very similar to a family recipe passed down in my husband's family.

I tried this recipe for Easter this year-- probably the best decision I've ever made! Everyone loved it :) I baked it the day before Easter, and halved the recipe to make three loaves: the first was devoured within a couple hours after it had cooled, and the flavour and texture was reminiscent of Portuguese or Hawaiian sweetbread. The rest of it was saved for dinner the next day-- wasn't as soft and moist as it was the day before, but still sweet and delicious, and perfect with a bit of softened butter :) Overnight I had the loaves wrapped in a tea towel, and I think they might have dried out a bit-- next time I'll try a plastic bag and see if it helps!

Literally just took my loaves out of the oven. 
I am of Polish decent and lately have been wanting to try cook more Polish foods. The recipe was easy to follow but I wish it had warned that you would end up with LOTS of dough. I made the 4  large loaves but there was enough dough to make 6 smaller ones. Will be cutting the recipe in half next time.

This was great ! It toasted up nicely and froze well. This makes a HUGE amount of dough. I hade to bend my loaf just to fit it on the cookie sheet!

THIS RECIPE IS TO DIE FOR! I've baked this bread twice now and both times it's been a complete success. The friends and family I reluctantly shared it with all could not believe how incredibly rich and down right PERFECT a bread it really was. Here's a link to my blog post about it. I couldn't RESIST! Take a look :)
http://breadbrained.wordpress.com/2014/07/24/polish-egg-bread-from-heaven-and-beyond/?

