We enjoyed this very much.Did make some adjustments, however.  I scaled the recipe to four servings and it made quite a bit; enough for 6 people. A couple of the reviews mentionned dryness so I cooked the noodles first. No problem with moisture.  Instead of whole wheat bread, I used polish rye.  I used the food processor since it is a hard bread and this worked well. I melted 2 tablespoons of butter in a skillet and then added the crumbs until butter was absorbed.  I think the adjustments made a creamier, more flavorful dish.

First bite was the last bite.

Loved it! We make it quite often.  I made a mistake the first time and forgot to rinse the sauerkraut. Turns out I actually prefer it that way. Absolutely delicious!

Sorry, my husband and I just weren’t huge fans of this recipe. I think I’d rather just make Mac and cheese and grill the sausage next time I need to use up polish sausage. Thanks for sharing though. It was interesting to try.

I know none of us likes it when people review recipes based on changes, but in a pandemic, rules go out the window.

I made the recipe exactly as written while swapping out what I had in the house. Instead of sausage, I used corned beef. Instead of 2 cans of mushrooms, I used 1 plus a cup of Thousand Island. Instead of Swiss cheese, I used mozzarella.  Instead of breadcrumbs, I used Dots Pretzel Crumbs.  

This was absolutely delicious. Way better than the Reuben casserole I made previously from this site. None of the flavors were lost to the noodles.  The only thing I didn't care for was because of personal preference - the onions were a little less don't than I like. Next time, I may saute them for a minute before adding them.

I love this recipe!  I halved it, and add sliced tomatoes on top, and, like another reviewer, use rye bread crumbs or pieces in top.

I made this and added my own twist
 I used a Smokey flavored cheese.
also I used rotini instead of the egg noodles..
 I also used the bagged sauerkraut. 
 This is a fantastic recipe..

Very good dish. Made several changes though. I added caraway to the bread crumbs. It needed more liquid to cook the noodles. Added 2 cups of chicken stock to the soup mix. sautéed the onions and saurkraut and then added the kielbasa and sautéed for a few minutes. Made it like the recipe, but added the bread crumbs tossed with butter fand cooked for another 20 minutes, uncovered after the initial 1 hour cook time.

I love this recipe!  I use skim or 1% milk, Campbells Healthy Request Cream of Mushroom, turkey keilbasa  and whole wheat egg noodles. I also use less cheese. I have also tried different mustards but our preferred is spicy brown.

I followed the directions exactly as they are written.  My husband and I HATED it.  We pulled the meat out and threw the rest away.  Big waste of of money.  I had to give it one star in order to leave my comments for the review, otherwise  I wouldn’t have given it any stars.  ??

I have been making this for years I got the recipe out of a cookbook I bought years ago. I have made some adjustments throughout the years to perfect it. I do not drain the sauerkraut all the way we love the flavor and it keeps it moist, i add extra noodles and I put extra mustard in the soup mixture till it's a nice yellow color. I also take the foil off and broil the top at the end to brown the bread crumbs! We serve it with thousand island dressing on the side. So awesome and have had people begging for the recipe:)

