My uncle used to make Babka all the time when I was young.  I wanted to make it just like him - but this was a bit different.  Still, it was GREAT!  I made it exactly like the recipe and the only thing I recommend is putting the filling all over the dough.  I left about 1/2 an inch on both the right and left and when I connected the ends, it left that area without chocolate.

This is an interesting way to make babka. I have typically seen it made this way. I have the bakery at my grocery store make it for the Jewish holidays and always ask for extra chocolate!

Totally fantastic! Tasty, rich, and delicate. Made it two thirds wheat and less than half the sugar. SOOO good!

So yummy! Just as directions but used bread machine for dough!

Made it exactly as written, it was fabulous!

I love chocolate babka but it’s difficult to find outside of a good NY Jewish deli. And grocery store babka is too dry. So decided to make it. Very good recipe. I followed it to the letter the first time and really liked it, but... not enough chocolate and layers were too thick with the 4”wide dough. So the next time doubled the chocolate (kept cinnamon and sugar the same as the recipe) and rolled the dough to 15 x 7ish. Piled on the chocolate mixture, pressing it into the dough a bit. Rolled it up, and voila! Moved from good to awesome. Made 3 batches and gave to my neighbors. This will be a holiday staple.

Turned out to taste great, not the prettiest but I think that was user error

I found this recipe to be just ok.  The dough was a little stiff and thick so I had to add extra egg and butter to it.  I followed the directions for the amount of flour exactly so I am not sure why it was so stiff.  Also we felt like it definitely needed more filling. If I make it again I would double the filling.  I have seen other recipes with nicer fillings so I might try one of those in the future.  Overall the babka was moist and tasty.  But could have been much better with more filling.

Amazing!  Did not change a thing and it came out perfect!

This recipe is very good, Just needs way more CHOCOLATE!

I wish it had come out like a braided bread, but i will definitely make it again.

