These were delicious.  I made the dough up early in the morning, with counter-top rising rather than fridge overnight rising.  The dough was too thin and sticky to work with by hand, so I just used two spoons to scoop the dough into the oil.  I put the remaining dough in the fridge for 24 hours, and the donut consistency the next day was even better.

This recipe is a little off. I just made a batch and it was too loose. 3/4 cup of melted butter is too much in itself. 3/4 of a stick maybe? I was really looking forward to having these as I haven't had a good malasadas in quite sometime. I guess I'll just head to Fall River to find some. Please correct this recipe. Thank You.

i grew up in new bedford, now im living in seattle WA. and these are just as i remember back home. awsome stuff

Amazing!  I let it rise until double then put it in the fridge overnight.  The dough was sticky, but the water trick worked to keep your hands free of dough.  The hardest part was keeping the oil at the right temperature...the darker ones were nice and crispy though. :)

I combined the dusting sugar with li hing powder, 3 Tablespoons sugar to 1 teaspoon li hing powder. These taste very good! I only rate this a 4 because as written, it is difficult to combine the ingredients. In the future I will add all liquid ingredients to the egg and sugar mixture and then add the liquid mixture to the dry mixture.


This is a soft dough, like thick/fluffy pancake batter. Rather than handling the dough I found it easier to scoop some dough with a spoon and push it into the heated oil with an oiled finger.

well It has been a long long time since I have had Malasadas...this brought back memories!Thanks for posting this-my gramma(vova) has passed since and my mom doesnt remember how to make. I can now make this for my children and some day my grandchildren. It was a little bit of trial and error for me getting the dough to rise and it was quite sticky to deal with but I would not add/change a thing! This was so DELICIOUS!! And authentic! 5 stars!

This recipe is a little off. I just made a batch and it was too loose. 3/4 cup of melted butter is too much in itself. 3/4 of a stick maybe? I was really looking forward to having these as I haven't had a good malasadas in quite sometime. I guess I'll just head to Fall River to find some. Please correct this recipe. Thank You.

the dough was sticky. let it rise overnight. only rose 1/4, not doubled(i think its the yeast).. so i punched in 1 tsp bakin soda into dough. my first batch was dense . it was 1cm thick. i made the rest into 1 inch balls and  rolled about 1/4 inch. half was cinnamon. i froze them between wax paper and place in bowl. cover to stop the freezer taste. they thaw out really fast. didnt deep fry, just fry. use the paper bag method to coat in sugar. these puff really good when i fried them. i always let double for at least 6 hrs. easy and will always make. simply good.

These come out very light and airy.  I like a fried dough that's a little heavier, but my Portuguese grandparents thought they came out perfect. The dough is tricky to work with- it's very soupy.  I added 1 cup more flour and it was still the consistancy of pancake batter.  Next time I think I'll add some lemon zest to the dough for a little more flavor.  All in all, a very good recipe.

My Portuguese mother made malasadas.  Now I can share these wonderful delights with my friends in Ocala, FL.  This recipe is perfect!

I followed recipe exactly but my dough never thickened enough to knead. It was more like a thick batter. I just dropped spoonfuls into oil.

