Great tasting bread and texture.  I don't use a bread machine since I don't think the texture comes out as nice as oven baking.  For people without machines, this recipe couldn't be simpler.  Warm the milk and add the sugar and the yeast. Stir and let sit for about 15 min. to proof (the yeast will foam). If it doesn't foam, your milk probably wasn't warm enough. Then add the foamy yeast mixture to the rest of the ingredients and mix.  This dough is easy to mix by hand so you really don't need the KitchenAid.  The dough will be sticky. So after mixing, cover and let it sit in the bowl to rise 1-2 hours. Punch down and let rise again or form into rolls at this time.  Super quick and easy.  If you want a sweeter, richer bread, increase sugar to 1/2 cup and add one extra egg yolk. If makikng one large loaf, bake for about 30-35 min. at 375.

I tried this recipe twice and both times it overflowed in the bread machine and burnt. Anyone else have this problem? I even punched it down on the rise cycle.

This bread is great. Everyone loved it. No, it’s not exactly like your grandma’s homemade sweetbread in the oven (I know because I had a Portuguese grandma) but it’s wonderful bread. The texture is great. I added 1/2 cup of sugar and that still wasn’t enough for me. I definitely wanted it sweeter and will add more next time. I did a 1.5 loaf with a “light” crust set on sweet and it was perfect. The crust was perfect. It did rise but fit fine. I do have a 2.0 capacity in my maker though.

Have made this more than 20 times and a family favorite especially with grilled cheese sandwiches. This bread transforms the experience! Sometimes when out of milk I use 1/2 cup evap milk and 1/2 cup water to substitute for the 1 cup milk. Have used all purpose flour and bread flour. The bread flour is decidedly better but the all purpose flour still makes amazing bread!

Thought it was good, but not great. I'm Portuguese and grew up on sweet bread, but the bread I've always eaten is super light and fluffy. This recipe had good flavor but was denser than I'm used to. For that reason, I'll keep looking for a sweet bread recipe.

I made it the first time in a bread maker following the ingredients perfectly. I  liked it pretty well, not too sweet.The second time I used brown sugar instead and almond milk with some chopped pecans.Then moved the dough to the oven at 375 til it got a nice toasted brown, in my oven that was around 45 to 50 min.I like my version better, and will make it again.

I would really give this recipe a 4.5/5.0.  I made the loaf in my bread machine.  My observations include the sides of the bread were a little dark and the bread is not as sweet as I recall the more traditional Portuguese Sweet Bread. However, it tasted delicious warm and make great toast or sandwich bread.  I also punched it down about half-way through the cycle. Any suggestions on how to avoid the dark sides? The top is perfect. My oven is old and not always accurate, hence why I decided to make the loaf in the bread machine. Any suggestions on how to manage the dark sides?

Very good texture and taste. I added lemon zest and yellow raisins  yummy. I made it  in a bread maker, as the sides were a bit darker, I will take it out 10 minutes earlier ne t time.

I used the breadmaker for the kneading but baked it in the oven.  Perfect and soft loaves.Update:  Added grated lemon rind, and candied peel this year as well as a drop of orance essence.  Delicious!  I call it my "Citrus Loaf".

I've been making this recipe for years. It always comes out great. Real Portuguese sweet bread is a bit more cake like than this recipe. I would say it's a cross between Kings Hawaiian and Grandma's Massa Sovada, but without all the work !

Really delicious, super easy to make. Comes out perfectly every time. Once I accidentally used AP flour instead of bread flour. I just added 2T Vital Gluten and yet another perfect loaf. My husband adores it and our son, daughter-in-law and two grandchildren just visited and snacked on it with gusto all day. Thank you very much for your recipe, Jennifer, it is superb!

