This is a traditional portuguese dish.  My mom makes it all the time and she serves it 2 ways-1 as a sandwhich with fresh french rolls and butter(called a bifana) which is my favorite, and 2 served with home made fries and a fried egg(this is the way they serve it in restaurants in Portugal).  We marinade it a little diff, we don't use water and instead of the chili and white pepper, we use 2 small red peppers.  We marinade it over night also.  This is my favorite!!!

This was ok.  The gravy is nice but the wine is a bit overpowering.

I added peppers and onions so good

Great meal! I just love Potugese

Great flavor. I followed the recipe exactly, except I added about 1 Tablespoons of fresh ginger to the marinade. The meat was very flavorful & tender. I made it with the root vegetables found on Allrecipes.com.

Amazing.  Would not change anything.  I marinated mine for 8hrs first and was awesome!

Traditional Portuguese cooking does not use Chile we use crushed red pepper either the dry flakes or the wet Goya. There are several variations. This can be made with Budweiser beer instead of the wine adding a package of MacCormics Brown gravy powder about 3 minutes before the recipe is finished cooking. Served with yellow rice and French fries, topped with a fried egg (from the same pan) and a 1/4 red pepper (sliced the long way).

This was great! It was nice having something a little different for supper. It was definitely very strong, but we liked it. To be authentic we ever put a fried egg on top. Will be making again.

This was delicious! I have been trying to figure out how to make portuguese steak since I moved to MA seven years ago. My in laws are so vague about it like they don't want to share, so thank you for sharing.

I did make one change and that was to reduce the oil to 1 T and I changed it to olive oil. There is no need to use that much oil in this recipe, which is why I gave it 4/5 stars. With the 1T oil it was still delicious. My Portuguese husband was very impressed! It is easy to overcook, however, so be careful.

An excellent tasting dish.  Great flavors; I love cooking red meats in wine.  I'm also a fan of garlic.  Perhaps it was me, or the cuts of meat I used, but both times I've prepared this meal, the steaks have been a little tough.  Other than that, I love it.

This was ok.  The gravy is nice but the wine is a bit overpowering.

