I really liked this soup a lot and will definitely make it again. I originally tried it because I felt the need for some greens and all that kale and cabbage fit the bill!  Like the previous reviewer, I was surprised to find it a tad bland considering all the garlic and spice, but I added some tumeric for colour and then a little onion powder and just under a tablespoon of apple cider vinegar and it really gave it that little kick I felt it needed.  I wanted to try some ginger in it, but didn't have any on hand.  And finally, I grated a generous amount of old white cheddar on top, and it tasted just great.  Even my husband and my toddler loved it!  Thanks much for the recipe!

Followed recipe, just tasted bland. Maybe leftovers might taste better tomorrow. I'll save it in my recipe box, just incase.

making right now and it smells fantastic! I only had 3 tomatoes so i added a can of diced tomatoes too.
per other reviewers i decided i would add some tumeric for color and a little apple cider vinegar  and a little ginger. I thought i may have put too much, got a little worried but i tasted it and it was very good. serving with cheddar bread tonight! thanks for the recipe

Had added 3 tsp salt, a shake of hot pepper flakes and 3 shakes pepper for seasonings.  Was bland, but served it with nutrional yeast and tex-mex cheese.  Was very good!

I really liked this soup after making a couple of small adjustments, including replacing the beef base with 2 veggie cubes, using thyme and rosemary instead of herbs de provence and, using chopped onion in place of minced onion.

Not sure why it calls for dried onion with the tomatoes, esp. when raw onions go into the stock pot.  As for taste, I added enough spices so it would have flavor, but it was still not that interesting.  So I put a boatload of parmesan on it, and in subsequent bowls I added some half and half.  That worked for me.

Good hearty, healthy soup.  Changes made: added 3 Italian sausages, 2 chopped potatoes, eliminated beef stock, used 1 litre chicken broth for part of liquid, used 28oz canned tomatoes instead of fresh tomatoes. Made in crock pot evening before using and continued cooking in crock pot the day it was served.

Tasty soup, and I'll likely make it again when I have the ingredients on hand.  I did make two changes, I substituted a can of diced tomatoes for the fresh, and I added six ounces of diced leftover roast beef.  I think the beef pieces put it closer to a 4.5 on our rating scale, as we do like actual meat in the soup.  The "beef base" I used was a homemade concentrate.  It may have been more concentrated and with more seasonings than others might have used and that may be the reason we didn't find it lacking in flavor, as some other reviewers did.

Followed recipe, just tasted bland. Maybe leftovers might taste better tomorrow. I'll save it in my recipe box, just incase.

Made this when my husband had a bad cold...added some leftover chicken....a keeper!  Hopefully a cure!

Surprisingly good. Nice way of getting healthy vegetables in a simple dish. Even my children loved it.

