These are a not-too-sweet cake like cookie and I really enjoyed them. I had to use 3 tablespoons of half and half because my dough was a little dry, but that could be a lot of different things other than how the recipe was written. Very good!! I imagine these would be fantastic with coffee and I'll be trying that out in the morning!

Dough was a little difficult to work with, but cookies came out looking fabulous.  This reminded me a little of Amish sugar cookies in texture (you can find them on allrecipes as well).  Too much cornstarch though (gave it a sour aftertaste).  These looked nice, but I would never make them again due to the flavor.

delicious cookies very easy to make. I did have to add 1tablespoon of milk so the dough coagulated but otherwise easy, and delicious love it.

Very nice tea cookie and easy to make.  I love that it is not too sweet and loved how easy the dough was to work with.  I tried brushing a few with Madeira wine and sprinkling sugar on top but it really did not make a big difference. I like these but I just love The Madeira Fingers better. Not sure what exactly makes these Portuguese. Nice cookie.

made them and did not come out.had as a rock and to taste. did not wat to roll out.

Dough was a little difficult to work with, but cookies came out looking fabulous.  This reminded me a little of Amish sugar cookies in texture (you can find them on allrecipes as well).  Too much cornstarch though (gave it a sour aftertaste).  These looked nice, but I would never make them again due to the flavor.

very good cookie.  dough is easy to work with.  we frosted them with a powdered sugar icing.  perfect balance of sweet but not too sweet.  only our first batch really StuckToThePan!!!  we then used parchment paper with no problems.  next time i will try them on a GREASED cookie sheet.

This is a great recipe. I made them smaller by cutting them into medicine cups. I loved them. They were a hit!!!

These are a not-too-sweet cake like cookie and I really enjoyed them. I had to use 3 tablespoons of half and half because my dough was a little dry, but that could be a lot of different things other than how the recipe was written. Very good!! I imagine these would be fantastic with coffee and I'll be trying that out in the morning!

These cookies are great for people who like a denser more cake-like cookie.  Very simple.  They are not very sweet so would be better with something, such as coffee, like D-ANNA suggests.
As for the bitter aftertaste in larger recipes, Zira Julio, my guess would be the baking powder is the problem.  Try cutting back on it a little and see what happens.  If that doesn't work, it must be the cornstarch.

I made the first batch with the original 24qty recipe.  My guys loved them so much that the next day I found all the ingredients needed to make them on top of the counter.  So I went back into the web site and changed the amount for 96. But unfortunately they are coming out with a sour after taste.  Can any one help me figure out why?

