I broke with tradition and substituted cauliflower for the potatoes, which also imparted a nice creamy texture to the soup.  My family honestly could not tell the difference and the transformed recipe was more in compliance with the diet we’re on!  Tasted wonderful.

This soup is delicious, but like others suggested, 2 pounds of kale is too much.  1 pound is plenty, otherwise you just have soggy kale with sausage. lol.  It reheats well, freezes well, and it's perfect for dinner on cold nights with some toasted sourdough!

Family loves this soup, but I have no idea how you could use 2lbs of Kale. We use the 13oz package from Trader Joes and that is PLENTY.

cooked somewhat as described,    used Yukon Gold potatoes, diced coarsely,   Spinach instead of Kale,  added finely diced Carrots, Garlic,  Great Northern canned beans,   Chicken granules,  and grated Parmesan Cheese just prior to serving.      A great early winter meal.

Very authentic.  Tastes almost as good as my mother in law used to make.  I mash my potatoes some, we like bigger pieces in our kale soup.

I’m Portuguese and grow my own Portuguese kale, it’s very different than the kale you buy at the store. It’s a flat leaf kale and the leaves grow very large. As for the Linguica you really can’t substitute any other sausage as our sausage is very different than Italian or Polish sausage in taste and spices. I would recommend that you Google it and have it shipped to you. It is available in many Portuguese communities from east coast to west coast. I make it every christmas with my cousins. I love making Caldo Verda even tho I was not brought up with this soup because my family is from Madeira Island and this soup is from the Azores.  The recipe I have is slightly different as it includes finely chopped garlic and the kale is chopped very thin as well.

This is a great easey soup recipe.  When I make it in the future, I will add a second 12oz Linguina sausage or use polish sausage and reduce the salt by 1/2 teaspoon as I used regular chicken stock instead of broth.  My husband was pleasantly surprised at the depth of flavor.

Family loves it. I make it about every 2 months

It needs a little more broth for all the kale that was in the dish, but we liked it overall.  Next time I'll add more chicken broth to the dish and probably more linguica since we all like it.

I love the ease of this. My heritage is Azorean. My family made this almost a stew with "navy beans" and pork ribs. I adapted this recipe by mashing the Russett potatoes to thicken the broth but then adding six small golden potatoes, skin on, cut into bite-sized pieces that I had boiled until fork tender. I also "skinned" the linguica and browned up the crumbles and added them. YUMMY.

