I made this recipe last night and it was amazing!! I accidentally bought white kidney beans and regular (non-smoked/non-spicy) sausage. My family loved the soup!! However, I think it would be better if next time I make sure to use red beans and either smoked or spicy sausages to give it a bit of a kick. I cut the recipe in half and it fed 4 of us, next day too! Definitely will make again!!!! Also, I think more veggies would be an added bonus! :)

This was okay.   I made it exactly as stated and found there too be too much cabbage (the sausage got lost in the soup because of it).   I also found it tasted way too much like ketchup.   We have a lot of left overs, and I will happily eat them but I doubt I will make this again.

Portuguese soup NEVER INCLUDES KETCHUP. NEVER!  This is from an acetilaste português cook who makes Portuguese soups every Sunday throughout the year.  I was taught by my Portuguese mother and aunts.  Next time omit the ketchup entirely. Use ground linguica or chourico. Cannellini beans and elbow macaroni.

I agree with Toronto Cooks review. It was ok but tasted too much of the catsup. My husband ate it but he wasn't too enthused. If I were to make it again, I would put more sausage in it and cut up some carrots and cut the recipe in half. It made a big pot of soup which I ended up freezing.

Delicious and will make again. I modified the recipe slightly by substituting 2 yams for 2 potatoes and adding a sliced carrot. Next time I may try adding a can of diced tomatoes and cutting back on the ketchup. But really this is an easy and tasty recipe. For the novice, soup tastes better the longer you cook it.

I've been making Portuguese soups for 30 years and never once have I made it with ketchup and vinegar. It should have diced tomatoes and tomato sauce. Not to mention it's missing carrots and ham hocks. And even though I don't add it usually elbow macaroni is added. I also always add watercress at the end. I would never cook this version.

Easy and great

I, like a few of the reviewers before me couldn’t imagine a soup with ketchup and vinegar as the main ingredients but my wife wanted to try it. Never again! Before adding the vinegar it tasted like ketchup. After adding the vinegar it tasted like vinegar. I guess more people like vinegar as some reviewers loved it. Not me.

Use Heinz ketchup only!

I strongly disliked this but my husband loved it. He had asked me to make “Portuguese Soup” as he saw it on an Anthony Bourdain segment and thought it sounded good. I tried this recipe because it had so many high reviews. I was leery about the amount of ketchup, but after reading other reviews from people who had also been leery about the amount of ketchup but who thought it turned out fantastic, I went ahead and tried it.   Tastes too much like ketchup for me, which is exactly what my husband likes about it.  I also wished I would have halved the recipe. This makes at least 12 servings, not 8.

I thought this soup was nothing special. I made it exactly as written, using red potatoes (since the recipe didn't specify which kind) and distilled white vinegar (ditto). Also, I drained and rinsed the beans. The results were decent, and a good mix of veggies and meat, but the liquid itself was a little odd. The mixture of ketchup, consomme, vinegar and water was just a little too different for my tastes. It was worth trying, though.

