Definitely a good starting point for this dish. I substituted veggie broth for the water. Also, I'm not a fan of the packaged sazon mixes because they typically include too much MSG. Instead, I make my own sazon with  a teaspoon of turmeric, a teaspoon of paprika, a half teaspoon of Portuguese assafroa (safflower powder), a quarter teaspoon on saffron (crushed). Add some turmeric and paprika to the white rice while it's cooking for a delicate orange/yellow color.

Yummy and easy to make!

I added sauteed mushrooms, zucchini and diced yellow pepper, and used a crab stock instead of water, it was yummy! Next time I will make more!

Delicious!! I also added paprika, turmeric and used veggie broth instead of water and 2 tablespoons of Frank’s RedHot hot sauce. I also put it over cheesy grits. Definitely making this again!

Definitely a good starting point for this dish. I substituted veggie broth for the water. Also, I'm not a fan of the packaged sazon mixes because they typically include too much MSG. Instead, I make my own sazon with  a teaspoon of turmeric, a teaspoon of paprika, a half teaspoon of Portuguese assafroa (safflower powder), a quarter teaspoon on saffron (crushed). Add some turmeric and paprika to the white rice while it's cooking for a delicate orange/yellow color.

.
Use a Portuguese hot sauce, such as Gonsalves.
https://www.famousfoods.com/gohotsamopi3.html
Use A LOT MORE than 2 Tablespoons!

Very good!!!  My wife and I just returned from the south coast of Massachusetts where this dish is hugely popular and we fell in love with it while we were there.  I made it exactly as described with the exception that I used "Piri Piri" hot sauce I picked up at a Portuguese market in Fall River, MA in place of the Tabasco.  Very good, savory, and wonderfully flavorful!  Definitely on our list of regular dishes to make.

This was excellent! The sazon turns everything into a beautiful color that pops. It made my chopped onions look like chopped red bell peppers. I made another Mozambique recipe from this site last night as well and this one was my favorite. The other one called for a full beer and the rice added in. The half a beer in this one was spot on and served over rice was a much prettier presentation.

