This turned out pretty good. I made another Mozambique recipe from this site last night as well and I have to say I preferred a couple of things about the other one over this one. The other only used half of the beer which made it less soupy and then it was served over rice instead of the rice mixed in which gave it a prettier presentation. What I liked better about this one was the white wine instead of lemon juice. Overall this is a great recipe and one I would make again with a couple of small changes.

What's with leaving the shells on in your shrimp recipes? I suppose it photographs well, It certainly doesn't add enjoyment while eating.

Move over Shrimp Diavalo! This is my new favorite shrimp dish.

I’ve never used Azafran before so I was timid with the salt, garlic and hot sauce but still came out really good.  3 of the packets from a 1.41 oz box gave a flavor that reminded me of my time working in Pemba, Mozambique back in 2015.  Kids went for seconds so I’m calling it a success.

WAY too salty. Oh, my goodness!!! I've never used the Goya spices before, so I didn't know what to expect. This recipe calls for THREE 1.41-oz boxes (4.23-oz).  I got the wrong box, which was a 3.52-oz box of Sazon Con Azafran packets. I used the entire thing, which was less than I was supposed to. I was afraid that it wouldn't have enough flavor. I was SO wrong. The color was a nice dark red and it smelled delicious. But it was way too salty to eat. I had to reheat leftovers from last night for my husband. He couldn't eat it either. Other than that, I followed the recipe to a T, with the exception of listening to other reviewers - I only added 6-oz of beer. Also, it didn't say how much hot sauce, so I imagine that you add it to taste. I just put in a few drops. If you like salty food, this is for you. It's super easy to make - I just wish there was a less salty alternative.

this is so yummy, use 1/2 the beer or 5 cups of rice so it won't be soupy. there are no measurements for the red hot so I used about 1/2 a cup, it could use more, butter was the most prominent flavor.  will def make again! rich, savory with a zip, loving it!

This recipe was absolutely delicious! I was surprised at how much seasoning it called for, but it made for some bold flavor! The only thing we did different is we used peeled shrimp instead of with the shells on to avoid some mess. There are a few minor changes I would suggest: 
1. If you use the Goya Sazon con azafron seasoning like we did, you can probably get away with not adding additional salt. I didn't realize until afterwards the first two ingredients in it were MSG and salt, so adding more of it made it way too salty at times.
2. Cook extra rice if you can, we found the amount of rice we had wasn't quite enough. 
3. Get a crusty bread to sop up all the liquid!

We really enjoyed the amazing flavor of this dish.  I used 7oz of beer and since I had extra rice, I simply added rice until I was happy with the moisture in the dish.  I could not find Goya® Azafran, so used plain Goya Sazon seasoning and added Saffron to the the dish and pre-cooked rice (using separate Saffron Rice recipe from this website).  That way, I figured I had the intended flavors covered.  I also, shelled the shrimp before cooking and would recommend that you do the same as I agree with the previous reviews.  I'll definitely do this one again.

We're three. I cut the recipe for four. Shoulda made it for eight. We loved it. Making it again soon.

Easy and delicious! The only thing I would change is to take the shells/tails off first.  Too difficult to eat when you have to keep stopping to peel them off and all the rice is sticking to the shrimp, messy.  Otherwise, my kids loved it and requested it again.

My picky husband loved it.  (Didn’t use hot sauce but did a few hot pepper flakes)  We had enough for 2 meals.  I am not a good exact  recipe follower but mostly did.  Will definitely do this one again.  Thank you

