Loved it!  I tried to make as exact to recipe as I could but didn't have the Portuguese chili sauce so substituted chili garlic sauce that I had on hand. Spicy good! I originally thought 15-20 min sounded long for shrimp as well but actually ended up cooking even a bit longer for the liquids to absorb and the sauce to thicken up. I used 21-26 count raw shrimp that I did shell just because I didn't want to shell after cooking. I imagine the flavor would have been even better had I left them on. Will have a loaf of French bread for next time to get every drop of sauce. I am definitely going to hunt down the Pimenta and try it with cod too!!! Thanks so much for a great recipe!!!

Very tasty!  We’re American’s living in Portugal and made this with all Portuguese ingredients.  Will definitely save this one!

Loved this!! Followed exactly but added all of the beer/ale in step 1 and then cooked down (simmered approx 10+ min). Used sambal oelek IPO Portuguese hot pepper sauce.  Shrimp cook time (sans shells) was approx 7 min. Oh so delicious!! It has a little heat but oh so good!! Thanks for an amazing recipe Dave!!

This was great! My great grandfather used to make a variation of this dish, the only thing I added was white wine. Very good over rice, and with fish (cod or trout)

Flavorful and easy to make!  Followed the recipe but used shelled shrimp and skipped the chili sauce, and it was loved by all at a Portuguese themed dinner. Will definitely make again. There’s enough sauce to go over rice, pasta or bread. So tasty! Thanks Dave!

I added 2 tbs of butter to sauce. Served over rice pilaf.

Def a keeper!!! Only change was I used seafood bouillon but otherwise I did it exactly as written!

Hi this is my account and recipe I made. 
I lost my old one somehow.   

The sauce is spelled Portuguese Pimento and not pimenta.

Basically it's just pepper put through a grinder with salt and preservatives. 

I took a picture so you can find the ingredient.  It might be hard to find at your local grocery store.  Check the sauce or ethnic isle or even the Mexican isle.  You might lucky and find your local Portuguese bakery.

The shrimp cooking time is a bit long.  Just try to cook until your sauce gets nice and thick though.

amaazing !

Came out great! I used Frank's Hot Sauce and a Corona for the beer. I didn't use the bouillon. It was a hit!

