I had this fantastic dish at a local Portuguese restaurant then set out on a search to find something close.  This recipe comes quite close and was a big hit the three times I served it.  I used Vinho Verde for the wine to stay authentic, used 2 teaspoon paprika instead of 1, added a ¼ teaspoon coriander to the marinade to give it a little more depth, and cut the salt back to 2 teaspoons. Clams (littlenecks) will tend to open at different times so remove them from the pan as they open to assure they stay tender.  Add them back to the pan for the last minute after adding back the pork.

very tasty but definately didnt need all of that salt.   i added some chopped up tomatoes and onions to the marinade that was being reduced as well as a few tablespoons of milk to make it a little creamier    it was delish!

Great recipe. But here's a tip to make it more simple, and even better: For the pork, use meat cut (cubed) from smoked pork chops, which doesn't even need to be cooked. So, you can just focus on cooking the clams and sauce, and mix the pork in at the end. I've cooked it multiple time, both ways, and smoked pork chop meat is definitely the way to go!

I’ve made this a few times it’s delicious. Like others I reduced the salt by half. Didn’t use onions (husband is allergic) added a few additional cloves of garlic instead. Added chorizo & red pepper strips as well as two table spoons of red pepper paste. Garnished with green olives . Served with yellow rice & hunks of crusty bread accompanied by sangria.

Wound up accidentally having to marinade the prom for a couple days but it turned out amazing. Definitely a repeat

This is a great recipe.  My family is Portuguese and everyone loved eating this last night. I did chop up some potatoes, seasoned it a little, and roasted it. After the potatoes were roasted I mixed it in with the pork and clams. Delicious :)

Very nice and very much like I was taught by my vavo. The only difference was the addition of the tomatoes. We don't add them to thyis dish. Even without them very very good!

very tasty but definately didnt need all of that salt.   i added some chopped up tomatoes and onions to the marinade that was being reduced as well as a few tablespoons of milk to make it a little creamier    it was delish!

Family loved it!

This was FABULOUS! I either put a little extra salt, or maybe it was because I used white cooking wine and that may contain salt...I made roasted potatoes and mixed those in at the end so the potatoes countered the salt....but other than that it was DELICIOUS!  I marinaded for 2 days straight the pork was TENDER!

I have made this twice now and I loved it both times. Excellent delicate flavor and the pork was melt in your mouth tender. Thanks for a keeper!

