OH my God, this is wonderful! My husband's family is from the Azores, Terceira to be specific, and settled in Tulare, Hanford area. His father would use Vina Dosh marinade for rabbit and chicken. Unfortunately he passed away and so did the recipe. When I tried this and my husband ate it, he was so happy. He said it is as close as I could possibly get, I am sure a different wine would make a different taste, but this is the real deal. THANK YOU SO MUCH CALI-CHEF. Also, I have a portuguese beans recipe I submitted that will be perfect with these, if Allrecipes doesn't post it, find it on justapinch.com Thanks again !

This was just too strong on the vinegar in my opinion. I am Portuguese and I hear the stronger vinegar flavor is more of an Azores thing...a different regional taste preference I guess.

This dish is our families absolute must have on Christmas and/or New Years. I made tonight for Super Bowl Sunday. I usually use 3/4 red wine vinegar and 1/4 apple cider vinegar. I also use (toasted first) whole coriander seed, black peppercorns, cumin seed, mustard seed and add to marinade. 4 days minimum. Then charred on the bbq. Maybe it was the way my Dad always made but I have to have it charbroiled and on the dry side. The smell that takes over the house is just heaven. We always called it (I don’t know how to spell it so phonetically-  (tridgemidge)  I now have my adult children asking for it. Keep the Azores traditions alive!!  We are 4th generation Americans from the Azores Islands (both sides of my family - so lots of Portuguese sweet bread, fish, pork, bread and mint in our diet.

Just like Grandma used to make.

Really good!! I also fried the garlic I used in the marinade while I was searing the pork. Came out really tasty!

My friend from the azores loved it and said very  authentic

This was really tender and delicious!! We loved this recipe.

This is wonderful.  I did not change a thing.   It has been years since I have had this and it did not disappoint at all.  My only regret is that I did not double the recipe.  Will make it over and over again!

This was not good at all. I have made dozens of recipes from Allrecipes and until now, each was a 4 or 5 star.  Except for cooking the pork less time than called for, I followed the recipe exactly. The pork was dry, over-cooked, and not tender. If I were to try this recipe again (and I probably won't), I would cook for even a shorter amount of time and find some sauce to pour over then pork.

Oh my god, My grandmother is  Portuguese and this is how she made it.  I had lost my Vina Dosh  recipe she gave me, when I came across this recipe I was so happy!  It really is good. Thank you so much!

The was delicious!!

