My husband and I really like this recipie. We used fresh Cod filets instead of the salted cod and it comes out very good.

This is a very good recipe---we had friends from Norway who prepared this for us recently, and we loved it.  However, the cooked it on the stove top at medium heat for about and hour, and I preferred this method as it made more of a fish stew than the casserole method listed here.  We ladled it out on to thick slices of sourdough bread, and it was fabulous.

This was a very delicious meal.   Tastes just like the restaurant.    My wife and I made a few tweaks to make it even more yummy.   (1) added 1 bottle of cooking white win, 1 green pepper and 1 red peper.   (2) In a separate frying pan, we cooked down the onions, green pepper and red pepper.   Then we mixed the all the ingredients in the frying pan and then spread/mixed it in the casserole pan.   (3) we also parboiled the potatoes to make them crispy like Portuguese potato chips.

I stayed pretty much with the recipe other than using frozen cod (not salted cod) and it turned out nicely.  I think this would be a great recipe to cut in half as well.   I also tossed in some diced tomatoes which added favorably to the dish in my opinion.  I thought that 2 lbs of cod would be way too much but turns out it was just right if not a tiny bit on the light side.  Will definitely be trying this one again!

This is hands down the best fish recipe I have ever had. Delicious, the whole family loved it too.

I’ve cooked this a few times and it always turns out well. I use fresh cod which I salt liberally and season with lemon pepper. I don’t poach the cod but I do par-boil the potatoes. I also saute the three onions. I mix 8oz of tomato sauce with virgin olive oil, parsley, paprika, garlic, chopped black olives and about half a tsp of red pepper flakes. Layer as directed in recipe and bake at 375 for 45 mins. I generally serve with green salad and crusty bread. Really good.

This was a great way to use up both the cod that I had thawed in the refrigerator and the potatoes that needed to be eaten.  Now, I didn’t have fresh parsley so I substituted Italian herbs (dried) and I didn’t have tomato sauce so I substituted 4 tablespoons of diced tomatoes and juice.

I loved this recipe!!!   Must admit, I was skeptical at first, but my husband and kids asked for seconds and they don't even like fish.  I was looking for a recipe to use up fresh cod I had on hand and stumbled across this recipe.  I omitted the chili flakes, added a little more smoked paprika, used much less olive oil,  and about 1 cup tomato sauce.  Making this again!!!

You may need to make some changes to the amounts of ingredients, but it’s a great recipe overall.

I didn't have salt cod I had tilapia so used that instead.  Next time I will partially cook the potatoes and onions first. Also I would add a little more garlic and only 1 tsp of the pepper flakes.I also added salt since I didn't use salted cod. Other then that it was a hit.

OMGosh!! I don’t really like onions or fish but I’m eating a Mediterranean diet so I gave this a shot based on reviews. Can I just say, Amazing!  I used fresh cod because I didn’t have salted cod so I just salted the filets. Thank you for a great recipe!

