As a Portuguese who now lives in Portugal, I recomend adding in some bacon cubes along with Portuguese chouriço sliced but not to thin, let it stew with the fava beans, when all cooked try using fresh chopped ciliantro sprinkled over top, its absolutly wonderful.

Could not find favas anywhere in my city, so instead I used lima beans. The sauce to me seemed mild and somewhat bland.

I would start it off by sautéing up a small piece of salt pork for added flavor.

Added chopped Chirico and 1/2 cup red wine. Soo good.

recipe was spot on to my memories of days growing up in rhode island . i used half the crushed pepper and a stick of chourice  . will make many more times

i reverse water it has no flavor
use a red merlot or burgundy  wine or similar dark wine

I loved this dish! I used fresh fava beans, and I didn't use all the oil it called for, about a tablespoon is all you really need to saute the onions and garlic. I didn't have any paprika except smoked paprika so I just crossed my fingers and used it. Also I pureed some canned roasted tomatoes for a tomato sauce substitute.  It needed a little more acid (probably the smoked paprika) so I juiced in one Mexican sweet lime (it's not the same as a green lime). It was wonderful! I have no doubt that it will be even better when I have all the proper ingredients. I'm certainly going to make it again. It was a delicious vegan meal!

My grandmother and mother would add a little cinnamon  and a little brown sugar not much or it will be too sweet... I just made your recipe and added the cinnamon and brown sugar....

Great recipe with the following changes:    I only used 2 large onions,  substituted 1 tbsp. of hot crushed red pepper (the liquid kind like Antonio's brand).   I also fried up 1 stick of turkey chourico (diced Ito small chunks) with the onions and garlic.   I used 2 (1lb 3 oz cans of Progresso Favas beans that I added in the beginning and simmered with the sauce until they were soft.  Favas would have been a little crunchy if I had not done that.

I made this twice both times with fresh fava beans. They were spicy hot, good but very hot, definitely good with a cold beer! The first time, I didn't know how to cook the fava beans properly so I'm pretty sure we were eating part of the "inedible" skin. If you are using fresh fava beans for the first time, lucky you, but you'll have to cook them before "cooking" them in thais recipe. The recipe calls for canned fava beans so I'm sure the canned ones are already cooked.

good, added linguica

