Fantastic...with a few additions! Note to self: Do NOT use raw sugar. I made this first with raw sugar because coming from Australia, it's cheaper. It went all hard and sugarcubey. Disgusting. I tried it again with caster sugar/white sugar..added, 1 tsp chinese five spice, 1 tsp aniseed essence and 1 tsp vanilla essence and it came out beautifully. For Aussies: the temp. of sugar rose to 125 degrees celcius before it was ready. YUM!

Hmmm, I'll admit this was my first attempt at making a candy of this type. I had no problems working with the candy (man was it HOT!), or making the nice twisty shapes, they look beautiful, but I was hoping for more of a tart flavor (or any flavor for that matter) If I were to make these again I would probably add a lemon or cherry extract for a little flavor.

I added some cinnamon flavoring and sprinkles for a festive look.

Add a tablespoon of vinegar or 1/4 tsp citric acid powder in with the vinegar for a tangier taste. I loved the bittersweet edge on these as written though!

Fun and simple recipe! As long as you cook it long enough it's really not too much trouble to twist them. (Though yes it is very hot!) I just used a twisting while pulling method and cut them in short strips. 
I also found that this is only difficult and messy when you don't cook them for long enough. They become sticky and don't harden fast making them impossible to twist and set aside (they'll even stick to the plate!) A good way to also tell when its time to pour is when it starts smelling a little burnt.

I tired 2 variations of this. This first I added vanilla extract and it came out, I think, the same way it would have come out without it. A sort of butterscotch taste~
The second I added some lemon juice and red food coloring and they came out beautiful! I would only recommend it though if you like a burnt/bitter taste to your candy. Otherwise the taste would have been perfect. Sweet with a little tartness.

Thanks for this recipe!

Very delightful! I added a couple drops of lemon juice to them (as well as un-needed food coloring just for fun) and they came out tasting like Honey Lemon drops. I put them in my tea. :)

i made this candy as the directions said to and it came out tasting really good. Not tart but more buttery sorta like butter scotch. when i put it on plates it cooled very quickly on the edges. did not pull well at all! but my dad certainly loved it since he loves butter scotch candy!! will certainly make again!

This candy is just what Laura Ingalls Wilder made in her one of her "Little House on the Prairie" books (the big woods one, I think). Only she dropped it into snow banks and used maple sugar. Cool historical recipe :)

hmm...i need to practice this one. Very messy and difficult to handle

Fantastic...with a few additions! Note to self: Do NOT use raw sugar. I made this first with raw sugar because coming from Australia, it's cheaper. It went all hard and sugarcubey. Disgusting. I tried it again with caster sugar/white sugar..added, 1 tsp chinese five spice, 1 tsp aniseed essence and 1 tsp vanilla essence and it came out beautifully. For Aussies: the temp. of sugar rose to 125 degrees celcius before it was ready. YUM!

Quick, simple and beautiful!  The candy is very hot and begins to set up quickly.  It does have to be done in a hurry, but even if the twists aren't perfect it still comes out great. 

My only changes were adding different extracts to different batches for more flavors, and food colorings so I could tell them apart.

