These were really good - I cooked some in my cast iron skillet, and some in the oven at 325.  The oven ones came out better - the ones in the skillet ended up with gummy sides.  Maybe if they had been thinner, that wouldn't have happened.  These are great for sandwiches, butter & jam, anything.  I could even see them being hamburger buns if you cut down on the sugar and increased the salt by about 1/4 t.

I found these extremely time consuming. They turned out just okay and my dad found them quite heavy compared to the ones he had growing up. I'll try altering the recipe to see if I can make them slightly lighter. The taste was fine, but I could only eat one or two before I was STUFFED.

I made the dough in a bread maker , halved the sugar, can't imagine putting a full cup of sugar in this recipe, would've been way too sweet. I cooked them as directed 5 minutes each side in small cast iron pans. The bolos came out nicely shaped, the air holes were small, not quite like the bolos levedos we had on Sao Miguel.  Overall, first try was very tasty.

This was very easy to do. I made it as the recipe said. They came out light and fluffy and moist. The outside was tender but nice and brown. Next time going to use raisins and some lemon zest.

It’s so good to see more Portuguese recipes on here now. I have been making these bolos for years. This recipe is different from mine and I like it a lot better. In my experience I recommend the following techniques for perfect bolos: use a mixer to knead the dough- I usually just use my Ninja blender and pulse until it becomes like a dough. This takes only minutes and your triceps will thank you the next day. allow more time to rise- I allow mine to rise for at least an hour the first time and that is using my proof setting below my oven and quick- rise yeast. Don’t rush the rise on this bread. I toast the bolos on the skillet about 5 min on each side and then bake for 15 min at 350 degrees. This will ensure that you do not have a raw line in the middle. Thank you for submitting this recipe. My family and I will enjoy!

We've always bought these made by a Portuguese bakery.  I took a chance on the recipe figuring it would be a huge let down compared to the ones we loved but this recipe was perfect!  They were as good as the bakery ones... or rather better because they were fresh!  My tip for cooking them on a griddle was to use a small cast iron pan to keep them at the proper "flatness".

These are delicious! I use a little less sugar (personal preference). I like to bake them in the oven. I put my cast iron pizza pan on the bottom rack, preheat to 325, and bake for about 5-6 min. per side. The outside gets nice and brown this way, and because I can cook several at a time, it's much faster than the stove.

Too sweet.

Not only was this recipe fairly easy (at least with a kitchen aid doing the work), but the bolo's came out perfectly.  These were a favourite treat growing up when my mother brought them home from the shop and now they are going to be a favourite of my daughters (and husband) when I make them at home.  

I read through the reviews and my experience was so different from many of the others.  Although we all seemed to love the results, it seems that some put way more effort in than I did.  I placed all the ingredients at once into my Kitchen aid and let it go for about ten minutes.  Then I let it rise in my oven with the oven light on for an hour or two.  This resulted in a nice, elastic dough that I kneaded lightly and cut in to 16 parts.  With a rolling pin I rolled (only three rolls in total) the dough balls into flat circles.  I let them rise again on a well oiled parchment paper and gave them an extra coating on top to make sure they didn't stick.  

When they were ready to cook, I heated a cast iron griddle on med-low heat and gently placed each patty on to the pan and cooked for 2 minutes a side.  They were perfect.  

Honestly, if I spent more than hour of actual labour on these I would be surprised.

UNBELIEVABLE!! My first time making bolos levedos and a total hit with everyone

Thanks so much for this recipe. I live in CO but miss the Bolo's from the Portuguese bakeries in the NE.  I used 1 T. of yeast and made sure it was fermenting well. I also added 1 c. raisins and zest from one lemon to match the flavor from my fav. bakery. I baked them in the oven (325 10-15 min) because I didn't have time for the skillet. If I had cooked them in the skillet I think they would have been perfect, as it was, they were still some darn fine Bolo Levedos! Yay! I proofed in the oven and used bread flour and they came out light and the perfect texture.

