OH MY GOSH! This was unreal! I followed the recipe exactly except I omitted the chopped eggs and olives for garnish. The real name for this recipe is actually 'Bacalhau à Gomes de Sá'. I am Portuguese (my entire family was born and raised in Portugal) and when I told my mom I was making this dish she got so excited! She told me she hadn't had it since she lived in Portugual over 42 years ago! This dish was soooo incredible and tasted so much like something that my Portuguese family would make. Thank you so so much for posting this delicious, authentic recipe, BINGADING!

I read an article once that made my want to try this dish, and saw salt cod advertised at a local market.  Like fish, like salt, like potatoes, love olives...but didn't care for this dish! The fish was chewy.  The potatoes came out crunchy; as another reviewer noted, slice before boiling.  But I won't be making it again.

Delicious!  Some tips: 1) soaking time depends on thickness of the cod and number times that water is changed. After 24 -36 hours, start testing a small piece for saltiness. 2) shred the cod and mix with garlic, parsley and olive oil before layering in the dish. 3) put the sliced eggs, sliced green olives and sliced black olives in separate bowls to allow individual selections. 4) place a spouted container of olive oil on the table for use as a topping. Enjoy!

I liked the recipe, and look forward to finishing it!It is the first time I have cooked salt cod. After soaking 24 hours, it was not done cooking at the recipe's 20 minutes, not really done at 40 minutes. I would definitely cook it longer than this recipe says.It was very tasty - and you don't want to add salt! The olives and the cod both have enough residual salt.I did add a sprinkle of lemon juice and olive oil at the end. It still is quite dry. Tasty but dry.Things I might add next time, for fun or to try: Capers, a sauce including coconut milk, or a white clam sauce

This is one of my favourite cod dishes to make! Sometimes I only have unsalted cod in the freezer and use that instead of the salted cod, and it comes out nicely. I highly recommend!

Thank you for sharing this! I made this to introduce my family to a traditional Portuguese Christmas meal and they loved it! I wasn’t able to get salted cod so I had to add salt when boiling it and after serving. Next time, I’ll add more to both the water and the olive oil mixture. I’m definitely going to make this again.

Really good dish! It was a hit with everyone. Even after soaking and changing the water 5 times in 2 days, it was still a salty treat, though. If I do it again, I may leave the olives out, or cut the amount in half, because I overdid the olives, my error. I also added sliced cherry tomatoes, which looked nice.  I served it over Orzo pasta, which helped a lot.
Next time I may slice the salt cod into strips after the first soaking. I did this after the 4th soak this time. I just didn't get enough of the salt out. It was very good, though, even with the salt. I  would guess that is  part of the tradition!

I added about 1/4 cup fresh tomato paste sauce made from two seeded and peeled tomatoes, and omitted the olive and boiled egg garnish. Really tasty option for salted cod. Served with asparagus and Portuguese corn bread. Delicious!

No and definitely

I sliced the potatoes before boiling so that they would cook through in 20 minutes, then added a simple white sauce to the top, and baked it a little longer than stated in the recipe. Absolutely scrumptious!

I omitted the olives because I am not a fan of olives generally. However, I kept true to the recipe and it came out delicious on my first try.

