I grew up eating these custards in Macau (a Portuguese colony) so i came in as a tough critique.  This was my first time however actually make this, for some reason i though it would be really hard, but i was amazed how easy it was.  My whole family loved them, they were gone in several hours.  My only suggestion is to use the paper muffin liners.  I sprayed half my pan and used the muffin liners for the other half and the greased ones stuck pretty bad, but the paper was great.  I also used trader Joes puff pastry and just cut squares for ease... They looked a little different than the authentic ones, but the taste is excellent. I will definitely make again. Oh.. I also used a half tsp of vanilla instead of the vanilla bean.

I don't think I've ever rated anything one star before. Really, a failure all around. I used my stoneware muffin pan, cut the rounds of dough & rolled them out 1. the dough never cooked on the bottom, resulting in a doughy blob. 2. We salvaged the custard and it is just okay. Way too sweet, strange texture, too eggy, bland flavor. Would have preferred a pudding-like consistency. Won't make again and I love sweets & pastries!

Tasty! It's a keeper.  Here's a couple of pointers that helped me. Cut store-bought Pepperidge Farm's pastries into 6 squares per pastry to fill your 12 doz cupcake pan:) Hold on. Spray the cupcake pan with nonstick spray (or grease them) before adding the pastry sheet. I used avocado spray. FYI- each pastry will cover more of one side than another when placed in the cc pan-not a problem.2/3 C of sugar worked but next time I'll try 1 C. The pastry isn't sweet so the sugar in the custard pairs well with the unsweetened pastry. Use a tablespoon and a half or two of egg mixture for each tart.In 20 min the tarts are done and look delish. Give it 30 or more minutes to cool.

They were good  but too sweet and the instructions were not  accurate so I was surprised when the filing puffed up.

These tarts came out well, if a bit plain. The reason I am not rating this higher is because the recipe itself was vague on some of the steps. I am a first time baker so with there being little explained about what shapes and size of pastry to place in the tins or what temp to cook the custard, I felt like I was winging it. They were also a little underdone in the pastry so I wonder if I should have baked them a little first, then added custard and finished baking them? Also I think the next time I will try whisking the cornstarch and a bit of the milk in a bowl instead of dumping it all straight into the saucepan to cook, maybe then I can avoid having to break up so many lumps.  I think it did go well all things considered I just wish the recipe was a little more detailed. I look forward to trying it again.

This was a terrible experience.  The puff pastry didn't leave any room for the filling.  Not recommended

I’m Portuguese and so I know a good custard tart…these are delish!

Perfect, had to much custard so ended up overfilling them.

Loved this recipe!  So easy and tastes store bought - hubby was very impressed

Been making this recipe for 20 years and still LOVE it! The only thing I do differently is add liquid vanilla instead of the vanilla bean and they still turn out awesome!

Saw a Netflix show on foods around the world and HAD to try to make them! So easy and so good! I didn't changed anything and they were perfect!

