Excellent!  Excellent!  Excellent!  Truly an easy recipe and very tasty.  I did however add about 1/2 to 3/4 cup of water just to make a little bit more broth and about 2 cloves of fresh chopped garlic.  Truly a favorite from now on!

I personally did not care for the flavor of sausage and onions in my clams. Tasted to heavy. I gave it a try, but, I much prefer clams italiano recipe on this site.

Oh my goodness... This is delicious!
I actually made it with fresh cod, as I didn’t have access to fresh clams and it was wonderful. A new favorite and I shared it with many family members!

These were so tasty and delicious.  These simple ingredients really turn a pot of clams into a delicious stew...the broth was amazing, provide spoons, too.  I just eyeballed the ingredients and added a a cup or so extra chicken stock and a chunk of butter to the mix.  Took previous reviewers advice and added some prepared minced garlic, too.  Some thin sliced baguette and a glass of cold chardonney, what a fun summer meal.  Loved these & hubs raved.  Will definitely do again.  Many thanks for your recipe.

I am looking forward to making this tomorrow however my husband, being of Portuguese decent, stated that we need to use Chourico opposed to chorizo which is Spanish :)

put some chunked then  chopped  ham in and less chorizo  and a couple of chopped  peppers ,And used India pale ale instead of wine .was very good but to much chorizo would cut that down a bit next time

I put some EvOO in the pan and heated it  over medium high heat then added the fresh chorizo I had in thumbsized chunks, browned it quick.y, removed, added the onions and sauteeed 5 mins over medium high heat and then added all the ingredients and threw in the chorizo on top of clams. 

I served with some papardelle and guests ladled out what they wanted of each into a large bowl.  Had asparagus vinagrette as side veg/salad.

This was so good! My boyfriend made it and he said it was easy and fast to prepare. We both loved it. We wouldn't change anything about the recipe.

Delicious

A delicious broth for the clams.  A wonderful mix of flavors.  I used the leftovers the next day over spaghetti.  Delish!

I was soooo excited when I found this! 
How I did it was 15 clams, half a package of lil' smokies (I felt after reading the other reviews that this would help the sausage taste not be so strong , it worked), 2 cups of chicken broth (I'm a soup fan!) 1 cup of white wine, 1 can mild rotel, 1/2 onion wedged, 1 tsp minced garlic, 2 shakes parsley and 2 shakes Italian seasoning, 2 tbsp butter...all at once until the clams are fully opened. It was amazing with a sliced baguette and good salad. Thanks for sharing! :-)

