This is a good recipe and if you're from R.I. or SE Mass then you know all about Portugese soup. I'll give you a couple of twists on the recipe provided that will make it a little easier and taste great. For the broth use 1/2 beef broth and 1/2 chicken broth. No need to make your own unless you really want to. Around here we don't use the cabbage and we use either red kidney beans or pinto beans. In other parts of the country it is hard to find Chourico....(not to be confused with Chourizo which is Mexican and is very different), but the Chourico is essential! Linguica comes in a close second and is easier to find. If you really want to taste authentic Portugese soup then you really should make the effort to find the Chourico. But beware!! it is spicy! This is great soup that tastes very unique but try it without the kids first..it may be a little much for them. Give it a try!

Im 100% Portuguese, born in Azores, Portugal, this recipe needed help.  This is what I did to improve it 100%. Instead of beef bones I used 8 c boiling water and to it added 8 beef bouillon cubes, I also used 2 c homemade re-heated Chicken Stock.  I used 2 cans Red Kidney beans, my preference, u can use one red and one can of Chick peas.  I also added 1 can Diced tomatoes.  First I sauted 2 onions & 5 cloves garlic in 2T Olive Oil for 7 min.   Then I added chopped in quarters the whole package Gaspars linguica, chopped and quartered, sauted that for 10 min. covered, stirring occasionally. Then added canned beans & tomatoes, and 2 bay leaves. Let that simmer, 20 min. then added the beef bouillon and chicken stock, and 1/2c Portuguese White Wine,  let that simmer ag. ab. 15 min.  Lastly, I added 5 chopped peeled potatoes, 3 bunches chopped Kale, 1/2 head of chopped cabbage, 4 oz tiny pasta and some sea salt & black pepper to taste.  Done in 15 minutes.  Yummy!

I never liked kale before, but I do now! Made it following the recipe exactly as written and was not disappointed. I cannot think of any changes needed.

I made changes, but that is not why I am giving 4 stars: we just couldn’t get past the spicyness of the sausage. You have to like spicy! Hubby and I liked, kids didn’t. I will make again, but with less spicy sausage. 
My changes: It turned more into zuppa tuscana because I sautéed an onion with browning the sausage. I prefer browned taste not boiled. Added some pressed garlic. Added thyme &  coriander. Added qt chicken broth. We like FLAVOR and as written, the flavor would have come only from the sausage.  
That said- it wasn’t too hard to make, I never would have put kale and cabbage together into a soup. But I like the recipe as a jumping off point. Glad it was posted!

The easiest most traditional Portuguese koves soup.

I thought this was ok as written but it was only 3 stars.  YES we did taste it as written but the finished product was a little bland.  So I added some cumin and smoked paprika and let it simmer for 5 more minutes.  After 5 minutes I tasted it and it went up a star.  I would make this recipe again but I will probably switch up the bean to see how it comes out.

I'm from RI and my great-grand parents were originally from Lisbon Portugal. Their Kale soup included only Fava beans, fresh soaked the night prior to making the soup. They started off by boiling the beef shank bone(s) in 8-12 cups of water depending on the amount of soup desired, for about 40 minutes. Then they would add large hunks (not sliced) of hot chourico and mild linguica, and simmer for another 40 minutes to an hour. Wash the kale thoroughly and add to the soup. Next came the Fava beans, and whatever veggies you like. My grandparents used only carrots and onion. Next, add big chunks of (halved) potatoes only near the end, about 20-30 minutes before the soup is ready to eat.  Otherwise they will disintegrate. Timing each addition according to cook time is key here! This way is simple and delicious! And I believe very accurate, as my great-grandparents attested to.

John, thank you for this recipe! I couldn't find the one I had from my mother-in-law who came from the Azores. This is great! The only change that our family does is use split peas and ham as the base. The peas are soaked overnight and cooked the next day with a ham bone or small bits of ham, much like split pea soup only much thinner.  Try it sometime, it's delicious. Sometimes I'll cheat and use Anderson's split pea soup watered down for the base. 

I appreciate everyone who contributed information on where to get authentic linguica. Hubby's family always used linguica and not chouriso, but if I can find a good source, I may try that too. Now to make some massa!

It was ok, but I changed the next batch, with ingredients to my taste but staying true to the recipe..

Will certainly make much more and share it with my daughter. Thanks

I will definitely make this again! My husband and i both enjoyed this. We tag teamed and made it together using the crock pot. I cooked the chorizo and added it to the water, beans and soup bone in the morning. Then chopped the carrots, cabbage, kale, & potatoes which my husband added when he got home from work. I made a pan of corn bread to accompany the meal. It was great!

