All recipes changed a detail on my recipe when publishing which isn't right. You must fry the potatoes in a large (high) skillet with hot VEGETABLE OIL (enough to cover half the skillet or frying pan) just enough to cook inside, no more than 5 minutes.   After this you must use a large casserole to sauté the onion in OLIVE OIL (ABOUT 1/4 CUP), not the same frying pan where you fryed the potatoes. Plus, you shall use cream, not Heavy Cream.

Good, and very hardy.  This to me seems like one of those traditional dishes that are savored by those who grew up on it, where someone else who hasn't had it their whole lives doesn't appreciate it as much.  It tastes almost exactly like my mother's Filipino version of Torta... only without the rice (which I love!!).  So I would say I liked this, but I'll just keep making my other dish and probably won't make this again.  And I would suggest others to eat it with rice because it adds to the hardiness.  However, I did serve it with garlic bread and a salad.

R[ta love this recipe fist i went to Acores to visit my family, my cuisine had made it was out of this world now i make and my nephew asks for it he say it's his favorite.

I didn't have the salted cod, but it came out fine with regular frozen cod. I am sure it would have been more favorfull had I had it.

Love this dish & recipe! Added a handful of chopped parsley **OMG** beat meal ever.  Don’t forget some nice fresh baked bread to go along with this masterpiece

delicious! I actually used leftover cod and since it was cooked added it at the end. very good!

Great recipe.  I used heavy cream but regular would probably worked just as well.

I liked this very much. A little time consuming but I might make some changes and make again.  A little less potato and olive oil too.

easy peasy....and tastes GREAT....almost as good as the restaurant Taste of Portugal in Newark NJ!

Yum, I loved this as a side dish. I boiled the potatoes then used the same water to boil the fish. I didn't fry the potatos. I served it with cod fillets and salad.

This was awesome. My in-laws are Portuguese but most times when I ask for recipes the response is "a little of this and that". I'm usually okay with this but wanted to do this dish right for my dad's birthday. I omitted the nutmeg (I don't feel like it was missed much) and topped it with potato sticks to give it an extra crunch - the only tidbit I did take from my mother in law's mother in law.. Tasted just like theirs. I'm also gluten free so I used corn starch instead of flour. Thank you for the easy and clear recipe!

