Yay! I was looking for a good portuguese bean soup recipe to remind me of home (Hawaii) and this one is excellent!  Really simple and perfect for colder weather.  Love it!

I loved this soup and so did everyone else who tried it. 

The only thing i couldn't understand was the water quantity "2 quarts wasn't enough". It even sounds ridiculous when considering all of the ingredients. I cut down on some of the ingredients and still needed about 4 quarts of water. I would have given it 5 stars if the water quantity wasn't so far off.

I cooked the pasta prior to adding it to the soup. Otherwise, the macaroni sucks up all the liquid. I used chicken broth instead of water.

I cut the recipe in half because I’m single . It still filled my largest sauce pot. Recipe didn’t mention seasoning, but I added salt, pepper and 1 bay leaf. The sausage and ham hock contributed a lot of flavor.

Left out potatoes because I like to serve it over rice. Added: 1 cup red wine, 1&1/2 cups stewed tomatoes, 2 cups pork stock from parboiling 1 lb. Pork loin, and the 1 lb. Pork loin.

Delicious!  Substitutes

I used chicken stock instead of water, 1/2 lb of pasta, and chopped up a big bunch of kale and threw it in. 

Great recipe!!!

This was delicious. Needed add more water and the pasta amount was a little too much. It ended up being a lot of soup, which lasted awhile. But overall it was good, I would make this again.

I too am searching for the perfect portagee bean soup as a taste of Hawai'i nei.  This is close. but not quite.  It is missing a middle maybe a green note...
I used regular not spicy sausage and 4 potatoes rather than 3. I also added an extra pint of water. Perhaps I added too much cabbage, a whole medium rather than a whole smal.l.. but needs garlic and salt and .... something that i havn't put my finger on. I added bay leaf.. perhaps a middle green, like oregano, or tarragon... but....  still havn't quite figured it out.

I will make it again, but I am still searching...

Easy & delicious.  Even better the next day.

Great recipe.  Just one thing we do here (in Hawaii)- eat it with some ono Portuguese sweet bread.

