I would given this 5 stars, but while I'm making this, it dawned on me that you did not have macaroni pasta in this recipe. Also, I made sure there was enough water to cover my ham hocks/sausages (I also used two packages of portuguese sausage (not linguica, it falls apart to easily) as the sausage is the flavoring for the soup. I like that you added stewed tomatoes, gotta have that!! As for the macaroni, that should not be optional, the cabbage actually could be optional. And remember, cabbage soaks up your liquid, so you may have to add more water during the simmering processes. I drained my kidney beans, to take out some of the sodium, but thats not necessary. All in all, this is a great hearty soup, with or w/o cabbage; with or w/o macaroni pasta. (if your gonna add the pasta, for this recipe, a couple of handfuls is all you'll need. if u add the whole bag, or 1-lb, it will soak up all your liquid and you definitely do not want that to happen).  Thanks for this recipe! YUMMY

This has to be the most flavorless soup I have ever made.  Must brown the linguica first to lock in the flavor. After the linguica simmered an hour it had zero flavor. also, to much water...even my broth had no flavor...this recipe was a huge disappointment...the cooking time seems ridiculously long. Yuck

This is my go-to. However, I caramelize the onions with the ham hocks at inception. I also use much more assorted pork including a variety of Portuguese sausage. I do not use the red beans and limit the potato. I also add extra cabbage at the end and lots of good red wine. Today I used CA Location by Orin Swift. Delicious!

This soup is delicious! I used left over ham. I did not have any sausage but will make sure I have next time. I used butter beans instead of kidney beans because that is what I had on hand. I will  make this soup over and over! Very hearty!

This soup turned out delicious...very happy with this recipe.

Was looking for a stew with cabbage.  I substituted Kielbasa that I had on hand.  Add spices to your taste and you'll have a nice hearty meal!

I used beef broth instead of water but I followed the recipe for the rest of the soup. My family said it was ono (delicious). Thank you for the recipe.

In a word... Excellent. Served it in a sourdough bread bowl.

I always try to make recipe the first time according to directions. I  substitute a couple slices of bacon for the hamhock as that is what I had on hand.  I thought the soup had good flavor but thickened up quite a bit. I think I would add another 2 cups of beef broth next time.Very hardy, stick to your ribs kinda soup!

This is one my favorite dishes I've had in Hawaii. As for adding macaroni I would cook it separately and add to your liking. As for me I don't like the macaroni I added watercress at the same time as the cabbage and it's a perfect combination. I add a lot more garlic also since I'm a garlic lover(2 or more cloves)

delicious!

