These are absolutely delicious!!  I lived in Portugal for a little over a year and ate them in about 1000 different cafes, and this recipe is so authentic!  Just FYI, they are supposed to fall a bit in the middle - that is what makes them so perfect for different toppings.    They are best on the day made, so you probably want to avoid making them in advance for anything.

These 'lil things are pretty good.  I made them with peaches...I don't think I would have liked it too well without the fruit.  They taste much like a custard.  I like them better cold than hot, but it's good either way.

Delicious and authentic Portuguese recipe. Made as directed and it was a big hit. Served with homemade jam.

Great recipe! I topped a few with blueberries before baking and don't think I'll do that again. Instead, I will serve with sliced strawberries. I baked them a little longer than the recommended time until the edges looked a little more crispy and brown. It was not a problem getting them out of the greased muffin tins.

Love these.  Have been making them for years.  My version includes 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice,  1/2 cup flaked coconut 
( more or less, depending on taste) & 1 tablespoon lemon zest.  Toothpick test for doneness works with this. For those who don’t like coconut, omit and go with fresh fruit on top after baking.

My family loved it & the whole dish was gone in 48hrs! This was super easy & you can add more or less or even extra ingredients to it if you want to & make sweeter or less sweet.

These are so delicate and delicious. The texture on the outside is flaky and just melts in your mouth. The inside is creamy and sweet. I put whipped cream and frozen blueberries on mine. It added a nice sweetness. I also reduced the amount of sugar in the recipe to a cup and 1/2. I'd never made anything like this before, so when I saw how thin the batter was I got nervous. But it baked beautifully! It took over an hour to bake these, but the outcome was well worth waiting for. :)

Super legit!

If you don't have a nonstick muffin pan, place muffin cups inside and it's like buying them in a bakery. My Vãvo made these all the time, she'd be happy to know I'm making them myself.

Exactly as per recipe. They turned out excellent. I remember my Titia  making these and now that they are all getting older,  I decided to take on some Portuguese recipes. I will definitely make again.

Love these! Really perfect. Scotty brought them to a bbq and I am totally addicted now.

