I am Portuguese and grew up on these homemade malasadas.  I am very excited to try this recipe as my mom's recipe died with her.  In reference to the earlier reviewer asking for more directions, after years of helping my mom with these, I can tell you this.  The dough should be of a light and fluffy consistency (similar to pretzel dough)with a good deal of gluten for stretching and you should dip your hands in a bowl of milk prior to working with each ball of dough.  This prevents any sticking and makes the dough more manageable. When starting, it's best to start with a ball of dough slightly smaller than a tennis ball.  Holding the ball in your fingertips, thumbs on top, start stretching the dough with your middle finger tips from the underside center out.  You should end up with piece of dough that is roughly the size and shape of a large slice of bread and almost see through in the middle with a thicker edge all along the sides.  This outer rim/edge will fry to a golden brown and the inner thin piece will stay a pale color.  This is the classic look of the Azorean malasadas.  When turning them over in the oil, be careful not to pierce the dough or the oil will seep in and ruin the flavor and texture.  I am giving this recipe 5 stars on nostalgia alone!

...I tried these last night and did not care for this recipe! I believe they would taste absolutely wonderful if someone would explain the procedure better. Exactly what consistancy in the batter are we looking for? What kind of blade on the mixer, hook or paddle? Mine was a little thicker then pancake batter and they were oil soaked. I'd love to try them again if someone would share their knowledge and tips like the reader who added more flour and rolled it out...

My pokemon loved this! Alola!

I recommend adding flour as you go when mixing it in order to get the right consistency.

Made a booboo by accidentally using condensed milk instead of evaporated milk but recipe is still followed carefully. It still turned out very well except it’s probably stickier and sweeter. Biggest suggestion is to let it proof for a good 6 hours. Make sure your yeast is good. Proof it longer if the weather is cold. Make sure oil temperature is hot enough and fry about a table spoon to make sure you don’t have undercooked dough. 
We had so much left over and I didn’t want it to go waste.I baked a loaf and put the rest in muffin (lined with cupcake) tins. Planning to use the loaf for French toast. The smaller ones were filled with jelly, topped with butter and cheese to mimic empanada- didn’t sprinkle sugar because my dough was already sweet from the condensed milk.

This is the worst recipe ever. The dough turned out extremely sticky and unworkable. Malasadas turned out burnt and inside wet.

Turned out great! Made the dough in my countertop mixer, and it was on the loose and sticky side, so thankful for the comment that gave me the heads up about that. Took a few hours to double in size. Put a cover on the bowl and put in the fridge overnight and made them in the morning. Because the dough was so messy we decided to not go the traditional Portuguese route with the shaping, but we opted for more the Hawaiian style and used a melon baller (or an ice cream scoop) to scoop them up and dump into the hot oil. Tried one first before putting several in. Used an electric wok to fry them in. Drained some of the grease on a plate lined with paper towels, and then dumped them a few at a time into a paper bag with granulated sugar and powdered cinnamon- shook them up real well to coat and then they were done! Turned out so delicious. Also, this recipe makes quite a lot so we only used half the dough, so I’m freezing the other half. I think that should be fine :)

My husband said they tasted just the same as when his Grandma made them when he was a kid.

I am from Oahu and am very familiar with Leonard's Malasadas! Since moving to the main land, I haven't been able to find anything like it here! These are by far, ONO GRINDS!! Thank you for sharing this recipe!! I can't stop eating them!!

This was an amazing recipe! A couple of pointers; you will need more than 6 cups of flour and if you don't have a circle cookie cutter, use a drinking cup for the perfect shape. The batch was super sticky, so I kept adding flour until it was easy to work with. After letting it rise, it became sticky again, so,I added more flour. I used my kitchen cup as a cookie cutter and the shape after frying them was perfect!

They didn't come out too bad, but because I had to search through reviews for more details on how to really make them (Peggy's in particular was helpful),  and because I thought the taste was a little off, I'm giving it 3 stars. The directions were  a bit unclear or added some unnecessary info. I did adjust the recipe (LOVE that feature at the top of the recipe!), to make 40, but it was hard to remember the changes as you read the old measurements in the directions! The dough couldn't be mixed well with standard mixer blades, but luckily my mixer has bread attachments which seemed to work better but still almost burned out my mixer--or was I supposed to mix by hand?? I'm also Portuguese and I thought the taste was a bit off, but might have been something to do with the changes. I'll try the Malasadas Dois recipe on this site next time--uses regular milk and the directions seem more straightforward. My mom used to use a Jiffy mix of some kind when she made them, but I've eaten many, many of these at Festas all around MA!! My aunt has asked if I have a recipe for malasadas, so thanks for the start on finding a good recipe I can send to my aunt who's out of state!!

