Oh, yum, yum, yum!  How delicious was this stew?  Hubby had three servings, that good!  I did an "experimental" slow cooker version, I used a huge sweet potato, cubed, and two idaho cubed for the botom layer of the crock, added fresh cut green beans, and added all of the other veggies raw and large diced on top.  I browned the beef with that wonderful garlic and some Montreal seasoning, added to the crock, and added ground celery seed (my secret ingredient for all veggie based soups and stews!), ground pepper to the mix.  I added two cups beef broth (instead of one cup water)  and a cup of white wine to the mix, since I was slow cooking and a little concerned about drying out.  This stew was savory and delicious after 9 hours on low, and very brothy, plenty of liquid.  Sincere thanks to you and your family & mom for sharing this recipe, dolcevita, you have a winner here!

Pretty bland.  Ended up adding a bunch of spices to make it better.

this is good ! i added a teaspoon of tomato paste when putting the onions in, chicken stock and used yellow and orange peppers and peas . also a whole tomato and a lil sugar to balance the acidity . gorgeous . focaccia bread for dipping :)

This recipe ended up being wonderful though I have to admit that I made substitutions. I didn't have sweet potatoes though I DID have some frozen plantains that I cut up and added. I also don't care for green peppers so I left those out, and I used frozen whole green beans, which I prefer to canned green beans. The added plus is that I DID have a lovely Portuguese white wine that I used, and the entire combination was quite delectable. I'm so glad I found this recipe, and I know I will be making it again.

I made no changes!  This was amazing! ❤️ Muito bom!

I always love finding family recipes. This is delicious. It reminds me of my grandmother's stew. I'd love to know what part of Portugal your family is from. Mine is from Sao Miguel

I added more water and cooking w
ine - less garlic as I made smaller portion. Added green peas instead of green beans and no sweet potatoes.  Delicious

loved it  did  omit green beans  did  few extra carrots

Instead of water-I put chicken broth as I knew it's going to be bland. It turns out good.

I left out the sweet potato and cooked this in the crock pot. I don't think the method would change anything. It was rather bland, which is what I frequently encounter with stews, yet I keep making new ones thinking I'll find one eventually that does something for me. This was not it.

Added Linguica, dark kidney beans and used Portuguese All Spice!!! Was the most flavorful robust stew. . We made a garlic and cheese crusty bread to accompany this delish stew. Will be making many a more times!

