This recipe is very close to the one my in-laws make. I enjoy it over day old Sliced French bread with dried or fresh mint sprinkled on top. Then the liquid is poured over the bread so it soaks up and gets a little soggy. The meat placed on top of the bread. The recipe creator is correct, it is very rare that you will have left overs, but if you do which happens on occasion it is even better heated up the next day. The only thing our family does that is a little different is I add a cup to 2 cups of white wine about an hour before the end of cooking. I also add a small can of tomato sauce or about 1/2 cup of ketchup to the liquid at the start. I like to rub and coat the meat with the dry spices. Also after pouring in enough water to cover I also like to created a spice ball using whole cloves, allspice berries, pickling spices, a cinnamon stick, whole cumin seeds which I wrap in cheese cloth and let float around in the bottle as it cooks.

InformativeEasy...Spot on...😍

Great recipe and can be made in the instant pot. Add all ingredients minus mint and cabbage and cook on high for 1hr. Do a quick release, add cabbage (and mushrooms if you want. It’s not traditional but I don’t think it hurts) and set on high for 3 min. Serve with bread and mint.

This Recipe was excellent.  Ive been eating portuguese sopas all my life and have my mothers recipe. This recipe is the same as hers except you add 1 tsp of pickling spice and nutmeg. We also like to add other vegis in that we have like potatoes or carrots just to add variety to the meal.   I also use more salt and mint than this recipe calls for. however, it's made and tastes the same way made in the Azores and I've eaten all my life

very similar in taste to the Festa Sopas served in my small Central Valley California town back in the 60s and 70s. I see other recipes for this festival meal call for collard greens so next time I'll try it with them rather than cabbage. I don't remember it being so very filling, but my husband and I loved every bite. Any tips on clarifying the broth would be appreciated. My broths always become cloudy. Very annoying.

This recipe is very close to the one my in-laws make. I enjoy it over day old Sliced French bread with dried or fresh mint sprinkled on top. Then the liquid is poured over the bread so it soaks up and gets a little soggy. The meat placed on top of the bread. The recipe creator is correct, it is very rare that you will have left overs, but if you do which happens on occasion it is even better heated up the next day. The only thing our family does that is a little different is I add a cup to 2 cups of white wine about an hour before the end of cooking. I also add a small can of tomato sauce or about 1/2 cup of ketchup to the liquid at the start. I like to rub and coat the meat with the dry spices. Also after pouring in enough water to cover I also like to created a spice ball using whole cloves, allspice berries, pickling spices, a cinnamon stick, whole cumin seeds which I wrap in cheese cloth and let float around in the bottle as it cooks.

The recipe was great!! I added some sweet red wine and a little tomato sauce...AWESOME!! Used my Instant Pot I got for Christmas and done in 45 minutes.   :)

