11.6.19  I scaled this recipe down to 6 servings, and it was cooked in 3-1/2 hours using  the slow cooker function on high on my Instant Pot®.  Followed the recipe to the letter with the exception of using regular carrots instead of baby carrots (no big deal).  Interesting mix of ingredients, such as soy sauce and sazon (don’t leave this one out), but all flavors blend together harmoniously.  You can find sazon and adobo seasoning  (don’t leave this one out either) in the Hispanic section of your supermarket, very common ingredients.  This is a full-bodied, robust stew with super tender beef and veggies, and that Puerto Rican flavor is the star.  I served it with Easy Black Beans and Rice (also on this site) topped with chopped onion and yellow rice.  Absolutely delicious, definitely will be made again and again.  Thanks for sharing your recipe.

I made it and I did not use the soy sauce and it still was very favorable and thick enough. I added a salt/pepper seasoning and added one cubed chicken broth and it was a huge family hit. I would suggest marinade the meat over night with seasoning and add white vinegar to help to help soften the beef offset the vinegar & I added red cooking wine to help offset the vinegar.   Softening the beef helps reduce the cooking time.  I cooked it on a stover top over med heat and reduced the heat after a couple hours and the sauce thickened.  I was able to have this meal ready to be eating within three hours or less.

I loved this recipe, so much flavor! I made a few changes, I only did 1 cup of water and doubled up on the tomato sauce, sofrito, and olives. I also added 4 large bay leaves.

Yummy…

This was a very good stew, I’m glad I tried it.  I already had the ingredients on hand.  I added an extra tablespoon of sofrito about 7 hours into it, thought the broth lacked depth of flavor.  The broth is also very watery, so about an hour before serving I added a slurry of cornstarch and broth to it.  This thickened it nicely and had more of a gravy than broth. I think next time I make this I’ll use low sodium beef broth instead of water.  Thank you for sharing your recipe.

Excellent recipe! I didn't change a thing, and found all of the authentic ingredients at my local chain grocery store.  I cooked in  the crock pot on high for 5 hours, then 2 hours on low, cooked the potatoes (we mashed them) and carrots separately. Fork tender meat and very savory. My family is still talking about it.

This was fantastic. I only changed two things: 
1. I did not use any sugar; just sauteed the beef in olive oil. 
2. I used Goya Cilantro instead of sofrito because it's what I had on hand.
Set it to low for 8 hours and served over egg noodles. The hubby said it's the best stew he's ever had. Making this again. Thanks!

11.6.19  I scaled this recipe down to 6 servings, and it was cooked in 3-1/2 hours using  the slow cooker function on high on my Instant Pot®.  Followed the recipe to the letter with the exception of using regular carrots instead of baby carrots (no big deal).  Interesting mix of ingredients, such as soy sauce and sazon (don’t leave this one out), but all flavors blend together harmoniously.  You can find sazon and adobo seasoning  (don’t leave this one out either) in the Hispanic section of your supermarket, very common ingredients.  This is a full-bodied, robust stew with super tender beef and veggies, and that Puerto Rican flavor is the star.  I served it with Easy Black Beans and Rice (also on this site) topped with chopped onion and yellow rice.  Absolutely delicious, definitely will be made again and again.  Thanks for sharing your recipe.

