Loved the recipe! My husband asked for me to save this one "it's a keeper"!   I substituted dried oregano for fresh and used only 1/2 as much; used regular chili powder instead of ancho chile pepper; redwine vinegar instead of white wine vinegar and added a splash of margarita mix.      I cooked a 5 lb. pork loin roast so doubled all ingredients. It made it's own wonderful broth. I also ran out of time so cooked on HIGH for 4-5 hours. It was very tender and I served in slices rather than chunks.   This was very easy to prepare and my company and family loved it. I placed leftovers in individual containers and froze them for my husband to take in his lunch...he LOVES it!

Great recipe. However, no true Boricua would cook a pernil without the bone and skin left intact to make chicharrone. As a personal preference- I don't cover any of my meats. I simply slow cook this piece of pork (skin side up)in a standard conventional oven at 325 for 1 1/2 hrs every 10 lbs. Marinate with adobo, sofrito, fresh garlic cloves, and sazon at least 8 hrs before cooking. Watch how tender and moist this well seasoned traditional meat will be. The crisp skin will be an added treat to savor.

Wow, this was so good my hubby said I knocked it out of the park! He loved it. So glad I tried this recipe. Another weekly winner, dinner.

I followed the recipe exactly as posted. While the flavor was very good, I found it to be too dry to eat as is. I'm going to use it as a filling in some other dish.

Very good. Followed the recipe but used 1Tbsp of dried oregano. The pork loin, which was cut up in long chunks, required much longer cooking. More like 12 hour. Would cut back a bit on the salt. Maybe add 1.5tsp to try.Served with cilantro, beans and rice. Guacamole would be a great addition.

I wanted to have this extremely tender and added concentrated pineapple juice to the paste of garlic, peppers and spices.  The house is perfumed with the smell of the pork and pineapple, and the meat is incredible.  I think I will try it as well with orange, almost like carnitas.

I really liked this recipe, but I should mention a few things that are amiss.  The video shows someone pouring what seems to be a cup of oil and vinegar.  The adobo should never look like SOUP it's more like a thick, chunky paste.  And any true hispanic pork is either a butt or shoulder, never a loin.

Amazing flavors! Might be the best slow cooker recipe I've made yet! Served with rice and the juices.

Always good. I serve on tortillas with a lime cabbage slaw

Followed the instructions pretty closely - but the resulting marinade was too asr

My family loved this. I just wish it was made by Grandma

