Hola a todos!! I submitted this recipe. Yes, Horchata is originally a Mexican drink. I'm PuertoRican, not the drink. I can't find where it says otherwise but apparently someone must have made a mistake. Talking about mistakes, Allrecipes edited the recipe I submitted and it doesn't quite makes sense the way it is written now. The amounts listed in the ingredients are right but they are wrong under the directions. Dilute the evaporated milk with the water and follow the idea... Sorry about that. I'll try to contact them about it. Anyways, enjoy the drink!!

Why do you all think this is good? The recipe doesn't even make sense. Pour 2 cups of evaporated milk in the blender when the ingredients only calls for a cup and a half (two cups is 16 ounces). What's up with that. I started it out and had to stop. If someone can explain what is up with this, I would love to make it, but this is really stupid as far as I can tell. I feel stupid starting this before reading all the directions. Man, and I really want horchata. I love it!

Great as is, very refreshing drink, my mom use to make that recipe with oatmeal instead of rice for a different take on it.

This is so good. I did make a few changes. First I boiled about 4 cups of water with a cinnamon stick. I mixed this with my rice in the container I planned on putting it in. I let this sit overnightI used Hispanic condensed milk instead of evaporated milk and sugar. (Made sense to save a step.)

Horchata is from Mexico. Period, someone claiming that is comes from Spain is just laughable.

This was also my first time making it.   I'm not a huge fan of horchata (my bf loves it -- I like Jamaica), but I think it tastes very good!  I was at the dollar store thinking they may have cheesecloth.  They didn't, but had a strainer that had super small holes.   Worked perfectly!    The recipe was easy for me to follow.   (I'm guessing allrecipes fixed it?)  I love this site!

so i dont add any milk just evaporated milk? i dont like ot watery i like it to be filing.

If you can read and follow directions properly this is a great recipe! I’ve never made horchata until today and let me tell you I was impressed. I see some low rated reviews and what people don’t understand is that you mix the water and evaporated milk and use some of that liquid to blend with the rice and then combine it all together. Super easy and delicious, you must try this. I recommend using cinnamon sticks but whatever you have will work!

since I'm allergic to cinnamon I added more vanilla and a little more sugar! it is amazing!

nice recipe. I like making horchata from scratch as the store bought mix stuff is basically just sugar, or who knows what. this is pretty simple and taste is excellent. i toyed with making condensed milk from scratch but i think the store bought condensed milk is just as good. not worth the trouble to do that. I would recommend this recipe. Or at least try it because it is very inexpensive and easy to make. i added a little extra cinnamon because i like that.

This was soooooo good! I made it for a tamale lunch at church and it was a big hit. A friend who grew up in Mexico City said it was perfect.

