I feel like I just came back from my mom's kitchen in Puerto Rico! Let me tell you about this dish. It's heaven on Earth. I love the flavors and the different textures of this dish. If you don't like fish, you'd still like this. It is not "fishy". If you don't like raisins, you won't know they are there. They give a hint of sweetness to every bite. The capers and olives a hint of tanginess and a bit of saltiness, just enough to make it wonderful. You can serve this with a side of white rice or with some boiled roots (like yuca, malanga, yautia...etc) OR just do like I am doing right now...eat a bowl of it by itself before it dissapears. Thanks Milly!

I had high expectations for this due to all the interesting flavor combinations involved, but it turned out sort of bland. Maybe rosemary would help, and definitely salt and pepper. I would probably do it in the oven next time, rather than the stovetop.

So bland. I had to add sofrito, sazon, adobo, pepper and salt. The salt was probably because I used frozen cod from Walmart so it wasn’t salty to begin with. I also added more wine and more tomato sauce.

Delicious! I make this recipe with a few alterations in order to make it like the dish I remember from childhood. I leave out the olives and boiled eggs because I don't like them. I also left out the wine last time because I was out. I sub a can of diced tomatoes instead of sauce because I like to get bits of tomato while I'm eating it. But most importantly, add a packet of Sazoñ seasoning! It makes the whole dish.

Made no changes and it came out great! Definitely on the repeat list.

Great recipe. I think I soaked too long and changed my water too many times as it wasn't very salty as I expected. I let it sit overnight because I ran out of time to make it on the first day. So keep this in mind when thinking about time to soak and how salty you want your fish. I added a Sazon packet and some adobo and still a little bland for my taste but the family loved it. I may add some homemade sofrito and will definitely soak according master chef Milly's approved soaking times next time. This is a keeper

Made this recipe and it was a hit! It’s very authentic! Thanks.

Delicious and easy to make I go back to Millies video every time!  I use fresh cod.

Reminds me of my mama's bacalao .

Awesome just less potatoes and cut thinner if you use potatoes or cubed

Super delicious ??

