The previous reviewer states that they followed the recipe "exactly" and the meat was dry and chewy.  If you follow the recipe exactly, if the meat is getting dry while cooking you do what the recipe says and add some water and turn the burner down.  Previous reviewers suggesting slow cookers or simmering in a liquid also have good ideas if you are worried about dry tough meat.

It said the meat would fall off the bone so I waited. And I waited. And I waited until the turkey was completely over cooked. It didn't taste very flaverful to me, just overcooked.

This was a great way to cook turkey! The meat was really moist, but a little greasy, I'll be cutting back the oil next time (I only had 3 turkey legs, though).

It said the meat would fall off the bone so I waited. And I waited. And I waited until the turkey was completely over cooked. It didn't taste very flaverful to me, just overcooked.

Wifey cooked this and it was delicious!

It was hard to keep the stuffing in the leg cuts, but it was delicious.  Next time I might stuff only bacon and then do the veggies underneath them just to ensure the bacon fat seeps into the meat.

I made this dish for my first Thanksgiving dinner-- or the first time I cooked rather.  It was simply delicious.  I also stuffed some traditional stuffing in the legs.  I did both smoked turkey and regular turkey legs.

My family liked this recipe. I used 1/2 cup olive oil to marinate the turkey and 1 tsp salt. Tender and delicious.

Good. I used the recommendation of cooking it in the slow cooker like so many others suggested. I will also ditto that you don't need so much salt as the bacon does a good job of adding sufficient salt. This reminded me of Stewed Turkey Legs that my grandmother use to make for Sunday Dinner.

I was looking for a different recipe for turkey legs (I've only smoked them in the past,) and I was pleasantly surprised to find this.  The flavor was simply wonderful - it's much greater than the sum of its parts.   I'll definitely try this again.

These didn't knock my socks off, but they were very tasty for a weeknight dinner..  Like others have said: Cut the oil in half and the salt to 1 tsp or less. To make it easy, I just sauted and stewed everything together in a close fitting pot with cover, and on top of the stove. Skip the stuffing business too. I'll make this again.

