Loved this!  The broth was the best part.  I doubled the recipe and served with white rice, cilantro, limes, hotsauce and tortillas (to sop up the juice).  I will be making this again and next time plan on trying the tostones with it.  I also wanted to mention that I made this in the slow cooker; after marinating I placed everything in the slow cooker on high for 4 hours and it was so tender and flavorful.  When I walked in the door after work I was drooling. Thanks for sharing this yummy recipe!

This recipe was just ok. It wasn't bad but I wouldn't use this recipe again. I doubled the spices called for and my family still found it to be too bland.  We also found the meat to be dry even though I used ribeye steaks instead of sirloin. This recipe is definitely not like any Puerto Rican food I've ever had.

I loved it, my family felt it needed a little more seasoning, so I added a teaspoon of Adobo to the bag the 2nd time.

I made this as written and was a bit worried it did not make enough marinade.  However, it turned out perfectly and I have a great new recipe to add to the rotation. 

I left the marinading steak in the fridge for a day before cooking and served over some white rice with a bit of lime and cilantro added.  (Adding lime to the side of rice or each bowl of stew istelf will be mandatory whenever I serve this because, as others have said, it really adds something special to this recipe.)  

Thank you for sharing!

It was delicious and flavorful loved it thanks

Loved it!!

This was such a delicious recipe and so easy to follow, it was my first time ever making it at home but it came out perfect!!! I served it with tostones and white rice. Just a note, I did double up on the marinade as suggested in the comments and I tweaked it slightly by using a packet and 1/2 of sazon and some adobo. (I also didn’t use full tsp of salt since the sazon and adobo already has salt in it) Thanks for sharing I will definitely be making it again.

Family loved it!  It was light and tangy when compared to Mexican food.

I’m Italian but I like be making my Puerto Rican husband his favorite dishes from his youth! I made this with the addition of bell peppers and on the side fresh avocado, rice and beans and sweet plantainos. He was in heaven!

One simple “prep” and this becomes a legend.

I would rate 3, but my husband would rate 4 stars. However, he did not initially taste it alone as he consumed it with yellow rice also seasoned with sazon and tomato sauce. When tasting the meat alone, he felt it was bland. Despite adding some cubed potatoes in the cooking process, I still noted a vinegar taste in both meat and potatoes. The vinegar is not overpowering, but is noticeable enough. As with other reviewers, I recommend doubling the amount of marinade ingredients, except for vinegar (reduce vinegar by ½). When I dumped the contents of the bag into the skillet, there was not enough liquid and in 40 minutes cook time the liquid would have reduced too much and the meat would have been way overcooked. I decided to add extra stock, which is when I also chucked in some cubed potatoes. Otherwise, the only change I made was making sazon instead of using the packets and adding ample amount of salt (I cannot have MSG). Overall, a good dish, which is easy to make and definitely one we will make again! This will go well with white rice or Arroz con Gandules (without the pork or ham). Thanks for sharing the recipe!

