This was excellent! We had piononos in PR many years ago and loved them. This satisfied our craving and was so easy. I used Goya frozen prepared plantains (3 pkgs), just thawed them and laid them on the bottom, put the meat mix on top and put another layer.  I covered the casserole with one egg beaten with water (1TB) before baking. I made a few changes to the meat mix--I sauteed a sm onion in with pork and used fresh garlic. I wanted more of a picadillo flavor so put in a cpl TBs of vinegar, a healthy pinch of cinnamon and 1/2 c of currants (didn't have raisins) into meat mix. I did not use the ham. I think I will try beef next time as that is more traditional. Will make again and again! DH had thirds!

What a Wonderful recipe.
I did use pure beef ground beef and added some (not much) diced onion and seasoning peppers.
It was extremely tasty

Really good - I've never had anything like it. I replaced the ground pork and ham with vegetarian meat crumbles.

Delicious, the size baking dish was never specified I tripled the recipe and made my own sofrito with cilantro, garlic,red peppers orange peppers,dash of olive oil,onions basically what ever I had in my fridge  jodyk

really tasty , i added chopped onions , cilantro , fresh green bell pepper , fresh tomato and cheddar cheese on top .

At the suggestion of someone else, I used frozen Goya plantains to cut back on the work a little.  I thought the filling for the recipe was tasty, but the plantains were overly sweet.  I was hoping they'd taste a bit more savory, like in plantain chips.  I don't think I'll make this again, as only 2 of the 6 of us liked it at all, but if I did, I'd try it with plantains that aren't overripe.  I won't use the Goya ones again (personal taste).

I love it and it is so easy to make.

Similar to Pastelon. Pastelon is the Puertorican lasagna.

Made this 2 days ago  -- and it was DELICIOUS!  Im not a big ham eater - so replace it with sausage which was the only change I made. It was an easy meal to put together....Family loved the meal. Had leftovers today for lunch.  This recipe is a keeper!

This was excellent! We had piononos in PR many years ago and loved them. This satisfied our craving and was so easy. I used Goya frozen prepared plantains (3 pkgs), just thawed them and laid them on the bottom, put the meat mix on top and put another layer.  I covered the casserole with one egg beaten with water (1TB) before baking. I made a few changes to the meat mix--I sauteed a sm onion in with pork and used fresh garlic. I wanted more of a picadillo flavor so put in a cpl TBs of vinegar, a healthy pinch of cinnamon and 1/2 c of currants (didn't have raisins) into meat mix. I did not use the ham. I think I will try beef next time as that is more traditional. Will make again and again! DH had thirds!

