Born and raised in Chicago as a Puerto Rican, we enjoy these with thick slices of cooked pork (Jamon) instead of steak.  My personal addition is a slice of avacado.  This is a very easy and special traditional meal.  When preparing to take out...wrap each sandwich individually in foil to help keep ingredients together...but best fresh and hot!  YUM!!!

I don't get it....I did not like this at all. The parts of the dish don't blend well. I also thought the directions were lacking at times.

Absolutely delicious! I will definitely make this again! I just made the plantains according to the recipe and then made a ham & cheese sandwich with them. The salty ham went perfectly with the plantains.

Such a wonderful recipe! I've made this twice now, and it never ceases to impress me. I did substitute the steak for turkey and added goat cheese to the sandwich, but the recipe still turned out delectable. The plantains were the perfect thickness and temperature, and the flavors mixed perfectly. I'm definetly going to make this recipe again. Thank you so much for sharing this!

Overall, this is a good recipe for Jibarito, but I feel it's missing a few things. I did cheat and used thinly sliced london broil deli meat the first time around because that is what I had on hand. I sauteed the onion with the garlic and seasonings and followed the directions to assemble the sandwich. The second time around, I did use the steak and felt it was lacking in flavor (which is the same impression I had using the london broil deli sliced meat). Sazon or adobo seasoning is necessary imho for the meat. For the plantains, I peeled, halved crosswise, and then sliced those halves in half lengthwise.  Simply halving them lengthwise would make them too big. Trust me...when you press down it will be big enough for a bread, so to speak. Also, a traditional Jibarito uses mayo+ketchup and not just mayo (just do equal parts).  I didn't have enough ketchup on hand and used a sweet n smoky bbq sauce, which while still not correct, made it work. Yes, I'm from Chicago and have seen this dish on nearly every PR restaurant menu. Mayo+Ketchup is always present. The meat is always flavorful in these restaurants. The directions are spot on and easy to follow in this recipe and it's good. I'll make it again albeit with some tweaks. Thanks for the recipe! Now, I know how to make it at home. :)

Fantastic.

Decent recipe but I have had better. My PR husband loves it.

This was great! The only thing that would greatly improve it would be to add seasoning to the steak which was lacking a bit of flavor. Otherwise, loved it!

I loved it! I skipped the lettuce, tomato, and mayo. I made sure the steak and onions were well browned. Only thing it needed was salt. I was skeptical about the american cheese but the way it melted really made it good and makes it preferable to other types of cheese. I used flat iron steak instead of skirt and it was perfect. Will definitely make it again!

these are the best. spread with mayo, ketchup and garlic mixed together to make a sauce. and its yummmmyyy : p

Rachel made this for me and it was fantastic. It was her first time making Puerto Rican food and I was impressed. I hope she makes it again.

