Being a true Boriqua (from Puerto Rico) I can truly attest that this is the real thing.  I've been cooking from Cocina Criolla (the authentic PR cookbook) & there were no hints on how to adapt this recipe to a slow cooker.  So I was thankful when I found this. With the following adjustments my home smelled like it did when growing up and it tasted exactly how I remembered!  The few adjustments I made: 1) I cooked a whole chicken cut up into pieces that was about 4 pounds (basically straight from the store) so I increased the amount of adobo I used 2) I used one entire can of beer instead of the wine (any kind will do, I used Miller light this time) 3) I used the authentic frozen Goya sofrito instead of making the puree mix (again purchased from the store - DON'T buy the glass jar because it's not the real thing).  I used about as much sofrito as I would have had if I made the puree.  3) I added one entire can of tomato sauce 4) I happened to have canned diced and sliced potatoes, so I used that instead of cutting up the ones I had just purchased (I forgot I had them)....and I think that's it.  The adobo and sofrito are key to PR  cooking & unless you have this, it won't be authentic.  My family practically inhaled the meal because it was SO good.  Thanks to whomever originally posted this.  Now that I know I can make it in my slow cooker, it will be a frequently made dish.

It was was way too much a potato fest without additional chicken; so I added 4 thighs. Otherwise, I made it exactly as written. By the time this dish was finished cooking though, it was way overcooked. The potatoes were mushy and falling apart and the chicken wasn't very tasty (or appealing) either. If I were to ever make it again, I'd do it on the stovetop, rather than rely on the prescribed time in the slow cooker.

It is insane how delicious this is!  I doubled the recipe, but used chicken thighs (less bones than drumsticks) and for gosh sakes, don't ever wash your chicken.  That actually just spreads bacteria.  Also, I did not double the potatoes, 5 is more than enough.  I suppose I could also mention that I did half cilantro/half parsley. Served with white rice, great Superbowl Sunday dinner, trying not to spill it while jamming to Snoop.

This recipe was great! OK, I’m sorry. I’m one of those reviewers who made changes to the recipe and am basing my rating on that. I used beer instead of white wine and I added a can of tomato sauce. But I think the recipe would still deserve five stars even without those changes. The incredible aroma from the variety of spices and vegetables made the bit of extra prep well worth it. Other reviewers mentioned that there was a lot of extra sauce. So I only covered my chicken and potatoes with about 3/4 of the Sofrito. I froze the rest in ice cube trays so that I can use it with other recipes in the future. I cooked it for just five hours in the slow cooker because I did not want to take the chance of the meat tasting mushy. That time turned out to be perfect - the meat was still falling off the bones. I will definitely be making this recipe again. Even my picky eater husband enjoyed it.

I took out the onion and wine because of the kids but omg the best.... my kids love it which is great because they typically don’t like latin food even though we are PR

Made this for dinner for 80 at a soup kitchen and it was wonderful! We served it over rice. Iused leg quarters and used the s rock instead of the red wine, we also  added a pablano and jalapeño pepper and diced tomatoes. We will be making this again

I added a splash of lemon juice and added 5 drops of Louisiana Hot Sauce.

Ohhhhh Emmmmm Geeeeee DELISH!!!!! Now I did scan the reviews and tweak recipe based on what I read. I made 6lbs of chicken I used legs and thighs.....I kept measurements for the "sofrito" ingredients the same. I did purchase frozen sofrito. I used four tablespoons of it . I also used about 1 1/2 cans of chicken broth and 3/4 of a can of tomato sauce. I also added 1/2 cup more of wine in the pot. I followed cooking instructions to a tee. I made mine in a dutch oven. Next time I will brown chicken first. MAKE IT!!!!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!!

Ohhhhh Emmmmm Geeeeee DELISH!!!!! Now I did scan the reviews and tweak recipe based on what I read. I made 6lbs of chicken I used legs and thighs.....I kept measurements for the "sofrito" ingredients the same. I did purchase frozen sofrito. I used four tablespoons of it . I also used about 1 1/2 cans of chicken broth and 3/4 of a can of tomato sauce. I also added 1/2 cup more of wine in the pot. I followed cooking instructions to a tee. I made mine in a dutch oven. Next time I will brown chicken first. MAKE IT!!!!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!!

all i have to say is, awful!

Very good!  I make my own sazon seasoning mix instead of using the packets (too salty with the msg). I halved the amount of adobo, which was a mistake. I used almost 2 lb chicken drumsticks, but did not scale the recipe considering reviews mentioning too many potatoes. I agree more meat is needed. Made this dish on the stove -- browned the drumsticks first, add potatoes (peeled, halved, and sliced), and sofrito mixture, and cooked over low heat for 2 hours. Removed and discarded skin from chicken. Removed meat from bones and added back to dutch oven for about 30 min. Served over steamed white rice. Loved the flavors and will be making again, but will add more meat. Thanks for sharing the recipe.

