It is even tastier and creamier if you add 1 egg yolk, whipped separately in a cup with some sugar until it turns fluffy and light-yellow in color.  Then add to the egg mixture, 1 tsp. of vanilla and 1 tsp. of cinnamon, mixing well.  Add some of the milk (can also use evaporated milk instead of whole milk) to the egg mixture, mixing well.  To the egg and milk mixture, add your cornstarch mixing well and making sure all lumps are dissolved before pouring into your sauce pan.  Then pour the remaining milk and sugar into your sauce pan stirring constantly. Salt is not necessary and should be optional.

I'm from PR and I make this all the time, especially now for my little munchkin and he loves it! The only difference is that I've always used evaporated milk and add vanilla extract.

This recipe was great but it doesn't take very long for the maizena to thicken, so I'll say stir it for around 15 minutes instead of 25 to 30.. that's too long

Delicious, I added one egg yolk, vanilla and  magnificent...

Taste great just like my mother inlaws does.

I love this recipe for Maizena. It’s perfect! Reminds me of when my mom used to make this for me. It tastes exactly the same and I was even able to get it to the right thickness by simmering just an extra minute or so.  I like how you can adjust the recipe for the servings. Thank you for posting.

Just like grand mom's except she added a piece of lemon rind to pot she made sure I was the one who got it in my bowl because she knew I loved it.

Wonderful recipe! Super tasty, I am Puerto Rican however I was born and raised a Floridian! My mother and grandmother would always make a version of this for me and my brother and this recipe is spot on. It dosen’t have much protein on its own so I decided to try scrambling 3 eggs and then filled the rest with milk to equal 2 cups of liquid and I added a dash of vanilla and it came out PERFECT!!!! very filling, not overly sweet and CREAMY! If your on the edge about adding eggs don’t think twice because it adds substance and richness to it. Yumm Yumm

Delicious!!

 It's great just as written but I like to add 1 cup of oatmeal to make it heartier and more of a proper "breakfast" in my opinion. 

I pulse the oats in my blender first and add an extra 2 cups of liquid, sometimes more so it's a drinkable oatmeal, great for on-the-go! No extra cornstarch is needed,  just stir until it thickens slightly. Then shut off heat. It continues to thicken as it cools. 

I've also added coconut milk and cream of coconut to change the flavor.  Extra delicious!!

I've also made this with almond milk only and almond milk/coconut milk mix to make it lactose free. Its just as good as with regular milk/evaporated! 

My family is from Puerto Rico and my mother is quite nostalgic everytime I make this for her. She lost the art of some recipes- this brought her back to her childhood. Thank you!

This was delicious. It’s not two servings though. I’ll double the recipe next time.

Very easy to make; loved it...

