Note from the author of this recipe: UPDATE and trouble-shooting for those getting the burn notice. I developed and make this recipe with my 6 quart Instant Pot DUO (and never received the burn error while making it in that pot), but have since done some trouble-shooting with an 8-quart Instant Pot. If you are making it in an 8 quart pot, you will need to add more liquid to the recipe (measure the water with the juice from the gandules can to 3 cups instead of 2.5). Everyone should also make sure to scrape the bottom of the pot thoroughly with a wooden or plastic spoon (deglaze) before sealing and locking the lid. Finally, if you get the burn error after the pot has reached pressure, do NOT release pressure and open the pot. Keep the rice in the pot for the remaining amount of time (17 total minutes under pressure) before hitting cancel to start the natural release process. When doing this, the burn error actually went away for me once and the countdown was still going as if nothing happened. The burn error came back mid-way through, but the pot remained at pressure (the pin stayed up the whole time). After the 17 minutes plus 15 of NPR, I released the remaining pressure with QR like normal, and the rice turned out perfectly and was not burnt. 

Additionally, while this wasn’t included in the instructions for the published recipe, it is normal for the rice on the bottom to browned or even crisp. Puerto Ricans call it “Pegao” and it adds a great texture and flavor to the overa

I followed the recipe exactly, and I continually got the burn warning.  I opened and stirred and added more water a few times, but continued to get the burn warning, so it never got up to pressure.  It finally got done and tasted good, but I could have made it faster on the stove.

Did once and was very mojao,

Sadly followed the recipe to the “T” on three separate occasions using an December 2020 Costco purchased Instant Pot Duo Gourmet 6qt. unit and on every single occasions after a couple of minutes of unit reaching pressure and commencing  the cooking clock/process got the “burn food  alarm” and unit shutdown regardless of amount of water used. On the last trial took the bowl out after the sauté process and allowed it to completely cool down, needless to say sadly got the same “Burn Food” alarm a few minutes after reaching cooking pressure. The net result was a very moist and tender rice but lacked some flavor and had a thick and sticky rice residue on bottom of pot with burnt rice and chicken on the very bottom. I’M NOT A PROFESIONAL CHEF, NOR ANYTHING LIKE THAT, NOR  a person with a huge cooking experience like my family, so my engineer mind frame best guesstimate is that temperature sensor and internal programming parameters on this version don’t allow this particular unit to cook the rice as on the previous generations did since aren’t so intelligent. In a nutshell the newer IP DG versions don’t work for this Boricua delicacy, but this unit makes other delicious foods very easily for this cooking “NOVATO”.

I loved this recipe!  I have been trying to make this dish for over 20 years with little success.  Tonight it tasted like I knew what I was doing.  I truly think the difference is I made my own sofrito.  My mother in law showed me how to make it with a mortar and pestle and I determined to always buy a jar, but it's not the same.  I used my blender and it was so easy (1 green pepper, 1 medium onion, 1 full head of garlic, a few culantro leaves, and a tsp of oregano).  This made such a delicious base to my dish, it forgave the missing ingredients (salt pork-I just added extra olive oil, capers- I just let the juice from the olives go into the pot).  It turned out great!

It was delicious! Cooking in an InstaPot was amazing! I totally recommend this recipe!

I followed the updated direction. I used 3 cups of water instead of 2.5 but still, I got the non-stop "burn" signal. I had to cancel and quick release so I can open to stir. After a few times of doing that, I ended up adding more water not knowing if the 17 minutes even started or not. I also ended up not sealing it at all. After about 1.5 hours, the rice on top was still a bit raw & the bottom is burnt. I'm leaving it in the pot while it cools down - hoping that maybe it just needs more heating up so the rice on top will be softer. At this point, I can't do anything with the burnt rice at the bottom.

Also got the burn error. I deglazed the pot, added 3 cups of water and still got the burn error. Don’t make this in your instant pot. It doesn’t work.

Note to self:  Next time, read all of the reviews of a recipe before making it!  It turned out I was plagued by the same "burn" notice on my Instant Pot that others have noted.  I added a total of 32 oz of additional water to thin out the thick mix, but after three times of "burn", including dumping everything into a large standard pot so I could effectively scrape out the bottom if the Instant Pot, I gave up and just finished it in the standard pot on the stove top.  I didn't have quite enough sazon on hand as called for, and maybe that affected the taste -- because it was nothing to write home about.

Did exactly what the directions said. Kept getting burn notice, waste of time and money. The water ratio is incorrect for that much rice.

This recipe will not work in the newer Instant Pots. The sauce is too thick and registers the "burn" shut down. It's actually faster just to cook it on the stovetop in the traditional manner. Flavor-wise, it was all right but not spectacular as the arroz con gandules I used to have when I studied for a semester in Puerto Rico.

