I boil 3 cinnamon sticks in 3 cups water.  Let it cool.  Then put cinnamon water in blender w/1 can evap milk, 1 can condensed milk, 1 can coconut milk and 1 tsp vanilla extract and Rum(I use Malibu Rum/coconut flavor).  NO EGGS.  Serve on the rocks and garnish w/ground cinnamon.  Yummy!!!

my first time making it, my dad use to make it Dominican style but he would bring that Dominican run back home dark flavored rum I thought that was the best but this was easy this recipe and I'm very happy with it try it you'll like it Best coquito  ,oh add more rum. And coconut to make it thicker.

Creamy, smooth AWESOMENESS!  Followed the directions exactly.  My friends who have drank it for years say it's the best they've ever had!  I did not taste the alcohol (which works for me!), but if you want to, add more rum.

This is real traditional  puerto rican coquito from my childhood, the best one, simple and very good.
I added 1/3 cup sugar for my taste.
Traditional coquito don't has eggs,  if you add eggs then you are making eggnog that is a different drink.

This is a very easy to make and delicious recipe. You can add or subtract the amount of rum to your own taste. Not for lightweights.

Love this stuff just like abuelo used to make it

Rich and creamy. I love the coconut flavour and the fact that it's not too sweet. A good quality dark rum is well worth the extra cost. I think I prefer this over the traditional eggnog I grew up with, and will make this again at Christmas.

Excellent!  Everyone loves it on Christmas Day.  Made a few  changes from reviews read.  Used 3 cups of cinnamon water, 1 can cream of coconut, 1 can coconut milk, 1 can evaporated milk and 1 can sweetened condensed milk.  Added ground cloves, nutmeg and 1 tsp vanilla.  Mixed with 2 cups rum.  Refrigerated for 1-2 days and served cold.  Big hit for our Holiday event.  Not a drop left so I'm making another batch for our New Years celebration.

Simple and good. I am keeping this one

I made this and the other recipe with more ratings but that calls for eggs, and I LOVED this one better.  It was thick and a bit heavy on the coconut taste, but I added a little more water and rum, and it was perfection.

