YUMMY! I used 8 egg yolks, 7 cans evaporated milk, 4 cans cream of coconut, 4 cans sweetened condensed milk, no water, 2+ cups Captain Morgan's Parrot Bay Rum (it's Puerto Rican coconut rum...adds a little more coconut flavor to the cream de coco), 1 tsp cloves, 2 tsp cinnamon and 4 tsp vanilla. I didn't use a double boiler, just a large stock pot and warmed it slowly while stirring it almost constantly and using a candy thermometer to see when it got to 160 degrees.  Then I just blended the eggnog in 4 batches, so I added the cloves, cinnamon, vanilla and rum in the measurements stated on the recipe, which would add up to the measurements I gave at the beginning of the review.  I ended up with about a gallon and a half, there was a little more but I had to use that for a couple of taste tests!! This is the first time I have made eggnog and I chose this because my boyfriend is Puerto Rican. He can't wait to get home from work to try it and I can't wait to serve it tomorrow night at our family's Christmas dinner!  This is DEFINITELY a keeper!  THANK YOU, BRANDY!! ... *Update* ...The next morning after it had cooled in the fridge, it was pretty thick.  We tasted it and decided to add more rum (we like drinks strong).  We just added a little at a time until it was the right consistency.  It was a HUGE hit at Christmas dinner!  Even people who don't normally drink eggnog loved it!  12/24/08- Update again.  I made this yesterday for Christmas tomorrow and it's incredible!  I didn'

I didn't use rum so added some vanilla soy milk. Overall it was too sweet and thick compared to how my grandma use to make it. My husband really enjoyed it though and he doesn't like trying new things or eggnog. So I think if I made it again I would do some tweaking.

I have been using this recipe for years and the only change I make is adding about an inch of thinly sliced ginger to the spices. It is absolutely delicious. Remember this is a sweet alcoholic beverage so be cautious when drinking this. It also tastes  better the longer it is in the frig.

Best Recipe I've used to make it in a long time. Remind me of my abuelo's recip. We'll definitely keep this one in my recipe book to do over and over again.

Great recipe. I use coconut milk in the can instead of coconut cream, this way you can skip the water and add more booze. If you temper your egg yolks properly it's WAY more tasty.  Edge your serving glass with shaved coconut flakes! Use bacon fat on the rim if your doing small portions

I loved it. The rum is there to dilute the sweetness of the drink so if you make it virgin remember to add something that won't add too much more sugar to the drink like coconut water or it will be too sweet. I use coconut flavored rum (Don Q) and coconut water so as to not diminish the coconut flavor.  I wouldn't recommend any spiced rums unless you are into that. It would take away from the subtle taste of the coconut. If you are a traditionalist then go through the extra work of squeezing the milk from ground coconut so it tastes like your grandmother's, otherwise save yourself time and the extra labor by getting good quality coconut milk. I am parcial to the Goya brand. Buen provecho.

I use this coquito recipe every year because I love it so much. Since I don't like eggs in my coquito, I omit the eggs and water and add an extra can of evaporated milk instead. Since eggs don't have to be cooked I just throw everything directly in the blender, except for the 2nd can of evaporated milk (because it doesn't fit), pour it into a pitcher, and stir in the 2nd can. Usually gone within hours in my family.

This is my favorite Coquito recipe. It comes out great every year! I make 3-4 bottles each Christmas and it goes fast!

Awesome, easy and delicious!

OMG....my new holiday favorite hands down.! Thank You. I just doubled recipe (and extra rum!) It was DELICIOUS!! I think next time I will double and add a extra can of cream of coconut.

I’ve made this two years in a row and it’s so delicious. Only thing I did different was add a cup of rum. It’s not too strong not too sweet it’s just perfect. It’s so easy to make also my go to!

