Fabulous, rave reviews from everyone!  I would point out right from the start that this recipe makes a HUGE amount of food.  My husband saw how much food was in the pot and laughed- and that was *before* I added the rice.  That being said, this is a flavorful and delicious recipe.  I used bacon in place of the salted pork and I also used cubes of cilantro bouillon cubes with some garlic instead of the recaito because my grocery store doesn't carry it.  I think next time I might up the olives and capers, but honestly this is delicious as-is!  I'm not sure how much sazon seasoning was supposed to be used, the 1.41 oz called for is an entire box rather than one seasoning pouch from inside the box.  The box recommends one pouch per 4 servings, I ended up using 2 packets.

I added a little more broth. The rice took forever to soften

Flavor was really good.   I had to add a lot more broth.  Normally when you make rice, the liquid is double the amount of rice, minus a bit.  

If you can find organic sofrito, it tastes much better than goya.  I also used fresh oregano from my garden.

I will definately be making this again.

They changed the recipe when they uploaded it. It's supposed to be 1 packet of sazon, not an entire box. I've asked them to fix it.

Fabulous, rave reviews from everyone!  I would point out right from the start that this recipe makes a HUGE amount of food.  My husband saw how much food was in the pot and laughed- and that was *before* I added the rice.  That being said, this is a flavorful and delicious recipe.  I used bacon in place of the salted pork and I also used cubes of cilantro bouillon cubes with some garlic instead of the recaito because my grocery store doesn't carry it.  I think next time I might up the olives and capers, but honestly this is delicious as-is!  I'm not sure how much sazon seasoning was supposed to be used, the 1.41 oz called for is an entire box rather than one seasoning pouch from inside the box.  The box recommends one pouch per 4 servings, I ended up using 2 packets.

