Michael has a recipe for Asopao?!!! I'd like to hear the story behind this recipe. Anyways... I made half of it. I didn't measure the amount of adobo I used (not sure how much "1 serving" is anyways, 1/4 teaspoon if I go by what the bottle says and that would have been too little in my opinion). I didn't change anything but if I had had gandules (pigeon peas), I would have probably added those instead of the petite peas. This is Puerto Rican comfort food. Very nice on a cold rainy night (like tonight). I added some sliced avocado on top. Good stuff!

For those that could not find the Adobo Seasoning, it is a seasoning  mixture that contains a blend of spices and herbs (i.e. garlic, onion, salt, oregano, etc...) in specific portions that have been ground to a fine powder form.  I usually find it in the international section of the grocery store.  Though I have no doubt that using the can chipotle adobo sauce as a substitute made this very tasty, it also makes it a complete departure (and taste) from what the authentic flavor of this soup should be.

This was absolutely delicious. The broth was so deep and flavorful. It was filling and comforting. It will definitely become a member of the rotation! Like others, I couldn't find the adobo so I made Traci's Adobo from this site. I also left out the peas due to family preference. Next time I will chop the chicken up a bit and perhaps season the pieces in a Ziploc bag. I do think it's important to use medium grain rice, I used Calrose. Thanks for sharing this recipe!

Absolutely wonderful!  A real 5 star.  I made it exactly as written.  I saw this is the magazine and wanted to go beyond my comfort zone.  Just delicious.  It does make a huge batch so you make want to cut in half.  If you left out the olives, they wouldn't be missed.

This might have been good but for the misleading ingredients and directions.  The ingredients did not specify whether the 1 1/2 cups of rice was raw or cooked.  In the directions it said to cook the rice until tender.  This made me guess it meant add raw rice.  It turned out more like Spanish rice but the rice wasn't fully cooked because there was not enough liquid.  My family isn't picky but this got thrown away.  After wasting all that money the first time around, don't think I will give it another try.    Please change directions to read 1 1/2 cups of COOKED rice.

It was delicious!! To make it more authentic add Sofrito and Sazón. These are 2 traditional and essential seasonings in Puerto rican cuisine. Also adding chicken buillion makes the broth taste even Richer.

It’s different and not in the best way.  I live olives but i never want them in a dish like this again. The meal had potential. I wish i had but corn and beans and a smidge of cheese instead of olives and peas. The peas dont even add anything to the dish. Its like they are just there for color. The meal is edible, comforting and filing but delicious it is not.

Decent!

David and Tito love this recipe!???

This was pretty good, I've never had Asopao de Pollo before so I have no basis of how it should taste.  However while the description calls it a stew, it came out more as a thick jambalaya for me.  Not that that's a bad thing, just setting expectations for others.

Great comfort food! I added a fresh jalapeño for added kick. Will definitely make again!

