This was also the first use of my ice cream freezer. I used Splenda? in place of the sugar, fresh pineapple, lime and a light coconut milk. Mother in law is a diabetic and I was trying to make something she could enjoy with the rest of us on the 4th of July. Sorry for all the changes but are they changes or substitutions. Fresh for caned and lite for regular. No mater how you look at it this was wonderfull and tasted just like a Pina Colada and even my {MIL}could "escape" with out worrie.

I followed the recipe exactly but it was not to my taste.

This is easy and tasty. I added some coconut shavings into the pineapple before pureeing it and garnished some shaved coconut on top when serving.

Thanks Callalillie for this recipe. I made a small portion over the weekend, it was just want I wanted. But my friend sent me a different method from this site: 
https://goodnesspiusblog.com/creamy-pina-colada-sorbet-recipes/
Will try my hands on this soon.

This is soo good! And it’s even better the second day. Kept out a little of the pineapple and blended lightly to have some chunks. I used lite coconut milk and less sugar. I wasn’t patient and didn’t wait until it was cold. Just added a couple chunks of ice while it was mixing then pulled them out before putting in a container. I threw the lime slices in the ice cream maker too. I want to try other fruits with the coconut milk.

very easy.  I used tidbits in juice instead of crushed, and pureed them in blender.  I reserved the juice and subtracted that amount from water to make syrup, and added it to  the final mixture.   I couldn't find the lime I thought I had, so omitted that , but I didn't  miss it.    Froze nicely in my Cuisinart ice cream maker.     Makes a delicious treat and soothing for a scratchy throat.

A light and refreshing desert.   Are 3 minor adjustments As suggested by others I reduced the sugar to 1 cup and it had just the right amount of sweetness. 
2) instead of 1.5 cups of water   I used the pineapple Juice left over from draining the pineapple.
3) added a slug of Malibu rum

This was pretty good. Easy to make. Some say it is too sweet. To me it wasnt sweet enough. Ha.

Absolutely refreshing and delicious! Everyone at home loves it!

Followed the suggestion of other reviewers and reduced the sugar to 1 cup. This is a great alternative to ice cream on a hot day.

Easy recipe, delicious and I too cut the sugar by half. Its a keeper.

