Again this was a great recipe. I used canned and drained kidney beans, omitted the salt, used unsalted tomato sauce and added Adobo to taste. It was awsome. I've used the canned and drained pinto beans before and it was without-a-doubt-delicious! The longer it cooks the more the flavors infuse into the beans, just make sure it doesn't burn. If you want thicker broth, try using the water the beans come in, instead draining it. Or use 1/2 water, 1/2 the bean water. MMMM!

Having been given our family traditional PR recipes, I always switch this up a bit...First after oil in skillet, brown tiny bits of ham or Canadian bacon or pork til just cracklin'....Sprinkle wih some Adobo seasoning...Then add bits of diced onion, tiny bits of potatoes, and then turn down heat some and add 1 or 2 ( I add 2 ) pkts Sazon....combine..then add a good 1 or 2 tbls Sofrito.  Combine.  Add 1 or 2 cans Goya tomate sauce.  Finally add the pink beans.  Combine.  Cover and let all flavours marry.  Simmer on low...Uncover when want to serve and cook liquid down ( only if too much ) but leave enough  for it to have a creamy and not dry consistency.  Now THESE are true PR beans!  :)

The recipe is basic but it’s the platform to making a delicious and savory pot of beans. My grandma sometimes depending on the type used to put ham or salchichón but the ingredient that made it savory was the pumpkin instead of potatoes and the pig’s feet (Patitas de cerdo) I never appreciated everything she made just for me since I would travel to PR twice a year I was the only male grandson and chubby at that! But I do have one recipe of hers that mom gave me I loved it the name is Crackling Chicken (Chicharon de Pollo) I would like to put it up if I can in her memory! She was the greatest cook and loved cooking for me!

Great flavor, I added lime juice to my pot and topped with cilantro.

Habichuelas Guisadas by Fivebrigs.  Use a lot less water next time.

5.26.20 ... https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/52489/habichuelas-guisadas/ ... Surprisingly good. Surprisingly because sooo easy. Even better the next day. Mine didn't thicken. That cup & half water maybe should be considerably less. It's the type of bean side that you want a sauce/liquid, but not as much as it had.  Thanks, SQ!

I added potatoes and a variety of seasonings to taste.  I also added sugar to kill off some of the acidity in the sauce.

I added a few swigs of green hot sauce, large chopped garlic clove and a small onion before I put in the beans and water. So simple, savory and delish!

Absolutely amazing.  It's worth doubling.

Very easy and tasty recipe.  I added some fresh jalapeño from my garden and used the whole 8 ounce can of tomato sauce.

If it’s the first time you’re preparing Puertorican style beans, please don’t be confused with all the small changes people suggest here and there. Everyone in the Island has different ways of cooking their beans. The most important thing is the SOFRITO! Sofrito is the base of most of our food. Red kidney beans and pink beans are the most traditional ones used in our cuisine, but you can also use pinto beans, white beans, etc . Whether you use canned or dried beans, you choose. I’m old school, so I use dried beans although it takes wya longer to make. Cooking our style of beans includes some tomato sauce (you can also use tomato paste instead of sauce) and/or sazón. The amount of tomato sauce and sazón will depend on how much you like the tomato flavor and how “red” you want the beans. There’s nothing wrong if you prepare it with olive, canola, vegetable or corn oil... it’s your preference. Some people add  olives, cumin, or bay leaves, again, personal preference! Also, many Puertoricans add either adobo seasoning or chicken bullion to their beans (caution with this if you’re on a salt-restricted diet). Finally, the use of diced potatoes or “calabaza” (our type of pumpkin) is typically added when preparing beans.... but you don’t have to add if you don’t like.

