Absolutely fabulous!! I have been making sorullitos for years and experimented with the proportions with varying results, so I wanted to try this recipe. I am very happy to report that the particular ratio of ingredients here is SPOT ON. If you are looking for a sorullito that is crunchy outside and tender soft on the inside, with a taste on the sweeter side,  THIS IS IT!!! (but of course you can reduce the sugar and increase the salt a bit if you want it to have more of a savory taste).  I did put a stick of extra sharp cheddar cheese inside of each piece for an extra YUMMMM Thanks for the recipe Marisa!!!

I always use your recipes as they are as close to home recipes from home.

Perfect recipe a s so simple! Took me back to my childhood.

Perfect. Both my husband and I are Puerto Rican so we put our own spin on it. We added a 1/2 cup of shredded cheddar and stuffed a few with a mozzarella stick cut long ways into quarters and American cheese w/ham. Just be careful giving the American cheese ones to the kiddos it’s gooey and delicious but the cheese will burn you. (Let sit for a minute or two)

Very easy to make didn’t have to tweak it and so delicious

Very tasty

Thank you! love them

We had never heard of these until I spotted this recipe, so I have no idea if mine came out like the authentic ones or not. But that doesn’t really matter because, authentic or not, we enjoyed them. Mine came out closer to 1” diameter and 4 Inches long, and at that size I got 17 of them out of this recipe. They tasted great dipped in the dipping sauce, which did not sound nearly as good as it was. Glad I made it! We also tried them rolled in cinnamon sugar, and they were a lot like a cinnamon donut. Yummy!

My father used to make these when I was little. He kind of lost his touch making them and he stopped. So I decided to surprise the family and this recipe was perfect! Now I wonder how they would taste if I baked them because we can't have too many fried foods. But as a little appetizer or snack this was great. Brought back good memories of my childhood.

Easy to make and quick recipe, you can skip the salt if adding cheese. Delicious.

