This recipe was very good. I've learned from past experiences that Sazon and Adobo seasoning are basically seasoning salts.  So using tomato sauce w/o salt is good, and/or omitting the extra salt "to taste" or even cutting the adobo seasoning in 1/4-1/2 the amount helps out. As a shortcut I boiled the meat for 30 min, then added the potatoes and cooked until tender; it turned out wonderful and saved me 30 min. This is definitely a keeper for the family.

This is a very solid recipe. I'm Puerto Rican and this is a very basic and solid Guisada recipe. Of course everyones family has their own version but this is, but I like it.

I’ve made this dish many times and even my Puerto Rican mother in law loved it! Sometimes I’ll add different veggies if I have it on hand. I usually add fresh garlic since everything is better with garlic. I use the instant pot and sauté the meat first then add the rest of the ingredients and set it for about 30-45 minutes. Thanks for the great recipe!

Great recipe. Enjoyed the flavors and the meat was tender. I will make it again. Thank you.

I added an onion, bell pepper and carrots and olives to it.  What a great dish!!!

This was excellent!  I read several of the reviews before starting out to avoid any missteps.  Followed the ingredients but switched up the cooking order a bit. Seasoned and floured the beef and browned it. Took the beef out and sweated 1/2 onion and two cloves garlic.  Then I added the rest for the sauce. I put the meat back in and continued on. I added a bay leaf. To finish, added 1/2 c green olives. This was an excellent meal.

scrape the pot clean level Yumminess.    6 Stars!  Fun introduction to some new spices for this cook.

This was so easy to make a whole family loved, I added some 1T chopped jalapeño, 3t of cilantro and 3 t lime juice. I wanted to add carrots but I didn't have any on hand.

I was looking for a simple and easy recipe for carne guisada. This recipe was perfect! I will definitely make this again soon!

Oh man. This was a perfect dish and anything that pleases the Hubby is great! I cooked it a little quicker by slightly cooking the meat and boiling a pot of potatoes at the same time.  In the end, everything was mixed together and poured over white rice. Thank you!

My boyfriend said it's one of the best meals he's ever had! However, I felt that a tablespoon of adobo seemed like too much, so thankfully I checked out the reviews and many people said it was salty, so I used a teaspoon of Adobo instead, and it was perfect! Very very flavorful!

