This was excellent!  We don't keep pina colada mix on hand, so I opted to use a combination of coconut milk and pineapple juice for the mix...and I kept forgetting to pick up pineapple juice, so in the end, I opened a can of crushed pineapple and use some of that juice.  A few of the pineapple bits poured out and I liked the result of teeny bits of fruit on the finished product.  My only other change was to use a Portuguese Saloio Bread, kind of dense, chewy, tiny hint of sweetness, and that paired beautifully with the pina colada flavors, as well as being a great "French toast" bread!  I did experiment by sprinkling a couple of the dipped slices of bread with some shredded coconut before pan-frying, but some pieces burned a bit, so next time I'll just have toasted coconut to offer as an additional topping.  Wonderful summery breakfast idea! Thanks, laughingmagpie!

**

Pretty great! I added a splash of rum because it was my birthday and I could have rum for breakfast if I wanted to! :)

I make this all the time. My family and friends love it. I use sweet hawaiian bread, I omit the milk and top with pineapple, coconut, bananas, and whipped cream. Delicious

I really loved this recipe! I didn't use any pina colada, but it was still the greatest french toast I have ever had. Since the banana slices on top made it taste a lot better i would definitely not recommend skipping this. I also put some powdered sugar on top, because it looks great and I like some extra sweetness.

I halved the recipe, and it made 7 slices.
Mods:
Half-cup measuring cup, filled 1/3 with coconut cream and 2/3 with pineapple juice
Same measuring cup mostly filled with milk
Whatever bread I had in the fridge

Iollowed SisterSarah's suggestion and made a syrup, which saved this recipe from being rather bland.  The syrup was approx. 1 cup pineapple juice, 1/2 cup coconut cream, dash of cinnamon, nutmeg, lime juice - boiled down
I tried to add corn starch, but I forgot to mix it into a slurry first, so I picked out the beads that formed.
I should have made the syrup ahead of time to allow it to cool.

This is a very good french toast recipe.  The pina colada flavor did not come through as strongly as I'd hoped though, so next time I will play with the ratio of milk to pina colada mix.  But overall I was very pleased with the results.  DH loved it!  A fun twist on french toast.

Something else that will make this a 6 star is using coconut pancake syrup. You can make your own (recipe was on this site) or purchase from the grocery store.

What a delightful change of taste for french toast. It has a very subtle taste of the flavors of the pina colada mix. This only needs fresh fruit for a topping and not syrup. I got 20 slices of Texas Toast from this recipe. I individually froze and stacked it back in the bread sack for a quick breakfast treat. Magpie - so glad you came up with this recipe.  UPDATE:  I originally made this in June when it was a personal recipe.  I have since made it 3 times.  It freezes well and heats up great in the toaster or the microwave.

This was absolutely delicious!! Everyone enjoyed it.  I will definately make it againg, maybe I'll add a little coconut rum to it... ;)

I think next time I'll replace the milk with more pina mix, the flavor didn't really come through...

