Very tasty pork! Followed the recipe to a "T", and everyone enjoyed this. We used it for tacos tonight, and the leftovers will be used with rice and beans (like Chipotle's burrito bowls). Yummy!

This was flavorful. I missed a little bit of kick and if I make it again I'll add some spice to it, but it was a good Saturday dinner. I especially enjoyed getting the bulk of it done well ahead of time.

Just so easy. I make it with cheap pork loin "butts" that are bundled together for sale.

Made this today, followed to a T, except the butcher insisted that this cut of meat “doesn’t come in 3lbs”, so it was about 2.5 lbs. Someone commented in these reviews that it was “too citrusy” for them and it questioning whether they actually made it or not, because the final product didn’t taste anything like the marinade. I will make this again, but will marinade overnight and flip the roast halfway through cooking time, because the side that was face down cooked better and was easier to shred.

came out really well cooked perfect. Marinated it two nights ago and put it in the slow cooker yesterday morning. When I came home from work, my house smelled as if i was cooking all day. Smelled amazing, drained the grease and fat, pulled it apart in the pot added a little bit of lemon/lime juice and made rice. It was like heaven....it was amazing

It was easy to fix although pretty much all crock-pot recipes are. It did not take long. And was very very delicious and flavorful in a different way than what you are used to with work. My wife and I ate it three times burritos, tacos and pork sandwiches.

Absolutely delicious! I followed the recipe. It was easy.  We like the meat served with crispy tortilla chips, Pico de Gallo (store bought or homemade), shredded cheese, and sour cream.  I will make this again, many times. Thanks for sharing the recipe.

Used a bone-in pork sirloin roast.  Very easy and very tasty.  We forgot the salt and it was still good.  Next time, I would add some honey.

I really enjoyed this, it is simple and has a great taste, I added some sweet onion otherwise I didn't change anything

To much Citrus for me. But pork was very tender.

