Hi, I'm Jillian the submitter of this recipe.  I would like to correct a couple of things with this recipe: 1) Using a paring knife, remove the core of the cabbage then boil it (the leaves will come off easier that way) 2) In the list of ingredients after 1 (28 ounce) can tomato sauce it should read 12 oz. reserved cabbage water 3) Once you're done with step 9, then you take any leftover leaves, cut them up or (shred) and place into the bottom of a roasting pan and layer the stuffed cabbage rolls over top. I use large eggs and 90/10 lean ground beef when preparing these and sometimes sub fresh minced garlic for the garlic powder. (Also, 2/3 Tbsp. is 2 tsp. for the sugar) I've been making Halupki (stuffed cabbage) for years and my 98 year old Grandma has probably made thousands of these! She taught me how to make them and that's a memory I'll always treasure. We had such fun that day... Be sure to serve with mashed potatoes or sour cream and chive mashed potatoes for a twist. I hope you and your family enjoy these as much as everyone in my family does! UPDATE - It is with great sadness that I announce the passing of my Grandma Jean at the age of 104. June 26, 1914 - November 23, 2018. Love and miss you!!!!

This recipe was okay but probably the least flavorful I've ever had. Having grown up in a diverse family (Russian, Polish, Hungarian and German family members), I've had a LOT of "Galumpies" as I called them. Our Russian family added shredded carrot and sauerkraut to the meat mixture, along with onion and rice. This had crushed tomatoes seasoned with salt, pepper, garlic, brown sugar and a little lemon or vinegar. The German recipe was similar, only no sauerkraut and shredded carrot. The Polish family had a sweet/sour tomato sauce made by adding raisins (not a big fan). Our Hungarian family used paprika (1 tbs or so) along with sauteed onion to the meat, again no egg. They were placed on a bed of sauerkraut with Hungarian smoked sausage chunks or kielbasa tucked around. I tend to make the Hungarian version, without the smoked sausage but with a can of crushed tomatoes seasoned with salt, pepper, garlic, brown sugar, vinegar and paprika. I put the unused cabbage, chopped, around the rolls (seated on Bavarian-style sauerkraut) before I pour on the tomato sauce and bake.

These are delicious and not very difficult to assemble.  I did add more onion and rice but to each his own.  Enjoy!

We absolutely loved this recipe. Our mothers used to make ones just like this recipe. Fantastic Stuffed Cabbage Rolls; (Halupki). My grandmother also made ones like these. She was of German decent.

Hanging growing up eating polish and Czech and Hungarian food, halupki I love cabbage dishes.Due to terminal I learned how to make a few dishes and THIS is amazing.Generally as a result my hands don't function well so I didn't roll them.....I layer it like I would lasagne. Simplifies the process. If there are leftovers I take the halupki I made cabbage soup.

Filling sounds very similar to cabbage rolls Grandpa use to make. He was from the Ukraine. He cooked his on top of the stove though covered with brothAnd he served them with a white onion sauce and sour cream.

I have found that I get the most flavor out of these when I make them in the crock pot. Either way, the are just scrumptious!

I grew up with a version of this and still make it on occasion. I've never known the correct  spelling or origin either. We make it with uncooked rice, ground up potatoes and onions and use sauerkraut between the layers and on top, and almost fill the pot with the sauerkraut juice and water and bake it for at least 4 hours. I like potato pancakes with applesauce with it.I have had this version and like it as well, but love our version.

Jillian: Can’t thank you enough for the delicious recipe. I have been buying my Halupki at the local European Market but now I can make them myself. Not quite as good as my Grandmother’s but she cooked on a coal fired stove and had fresh meat from the livestock as well as tomatoes and herbs from the garden.  Oh those good old days.

Made these for my husband after making American Stuffed cabbage and he said these tasted just like his Moms/Grandma's.  I'm making again for him to take home to serve his Mom!  Thank you! :)

Very easy to make!  I did have a lot of meat mix left so I made a meatloaf.  I'm not sure if I measured wrong or what but any recipe that gets me two dinners out of it is ok in my book.

