This soup was the greatest in taste and the whole family loved it!!!  I added more to it though....two cloves of garlic with the onions...and then added frozen corn and portabella mushrooms.....and did do the whole can of kaurt!  wonderful flavor and the next day is even better!!  Thank you so much for the recipe..will use all the time!

I was really looking forward to this soup but sort of dissapointed :(
It took alot of work! Cutting the potatoes, onions, green beans, dill, carrots (I added). And all the steps to cook it all...and after all that, the flavor just didn't excite. It looks wonderful and is full of fresh veggies and herbs, so I ate it, but it was the few dashes of hot sauce that made it worth eating. It's a great idea for a soup but just not crazy with the flavor. Either it's missing something or my American taste buds just can't appreciate this foreign recipe. I wish I felt differently. My husband wouldn't eat it, he felt even more strongly against the flavor than I did. At least my mom liked it enough to take it off my hands because it was ALOT of effort and I didn't want it to go to waste.

This is a great recipe especially if you have to use up lots of green beans from the previous summers freezer. The flavor profiles get ramped up because of the sauerkraut you wouldn’t even know it was sauerkraut. It just gives it that flavor that you can’t put your finger on and you can’t get anywhere else, the Dill gives another explosion of flavors. I tempered the sour cream and flour with broth and mix it very well before putting in the soup I did add for my non-vegetarian husband, some cut up ham, and some corn as another reviewer suggested this was a delightful soup. Thank you to the person that sent this in for us to enjoy.

Loved this recipe! Delicious!  Wonderful combination of flavors!  Even my picky eaters enjoyed this soup!   One tip... initially when I added the mixture of the sour cream/wheat flour the soup, it started clumping pretty bad.  I ended up pressing the mixture through a fine strainer while adding  broth from the soup to help dilute it. This allowed me to achieve the desired creamy affect.  Can't wait to make it again!

Closely followed the recipe. Had to substitute 1 tablespoon dried dill for the fresh, and substituted frozen green beans for fresh. Otherwise followed the recipe. Served with crusty bread and old cheddar cheese on the side. My husband and I really liked this recipe, and we will make it again. Thank you for a real keeper!

I was quite intrigued by this recipe. I love trying Russia recipes.  When I first tried it after it was finish cooking, I thought it was just okay. However, I took it for lunch and I thought it was fantastic. The only changes was veggie broth and dried dill. Yummy

Awesome!  Such a unique blend of flavours.  My entire family, loves this.  I will make it as one of our favourites time and time again.

I liked how the dish itself wasn't too hard to prepare, save chopping everything up. I didn't end up adding the sauerkraut and I thought it was a little bland. Going to try it with next time.

I was looking for an equivalent to my mothers Eastern European favorite. This one is close enough from what I can remember.

This one of our perennial favorites. I must admit that  years ago I added another ingredient...smoked sausage! Great either way but everyone loves the fresh smoked sausage in the soup ad it makes for a very hearty winter soup.  Delicious!!!

Absolutely delicious!

