In the traditional version you never add vinegar or green onions. Though it's good to mention that people from different regions of Russia had their own versions. Instead of green onions we always used white onion. Adding a fresh cucumber or frying potatoes like other reviewers did is a big no no. People, you can change whatever you want, but you can't rate than the recipe correctly or call it authentic! A tip: dice the ingredients into smaller pieces - you will have better presentation and better absorption of the flavors. Also, let the salad sit in your fridge over night - this will allow flavors to blend better.

I did not care for this recipe.

I used apple cider vinegar and substituted apple for the olives and it complemented very well.  I used half golden and half purple beets which made it very visually appealing. It was a crowd pleaser. Also, I agree with the other reviews, chilling overnight enhances the flavors.

I made this a day ahead. I did not have Champagne vinegar and used Red wine vinegar. Too heavy.

Awesome salad!! Grandson loves it!!!

I added the white part of a hard boiled egg. It was fabulous!

Delicious!!   I added 
A tiny  bit of fresh dill

Can't speak to authenticity. I wanted to make something different out of the vegetables from my garden. Made it exactly except I only had balsamic vinegar. We found it ok but very bland. added some mayo later to try to jazz it up. I think I want to taste this made by an expert before trying again. I want to know if it is just as bland or if this one is missing something. The saurkraut some reviewers mentioned might improve it. I really don't know

very good. nice that it has no mayo

I really liked this salad, unfortunately my guests weren't crazy about it, including my beet-loving husband. Still, I liked it enough to give it a "4."

I make a bowl of this every few months to have for lunch over a few days. I use apple cider vinger in place of champagne vinegar and use only 2 tablespoons of oil. My mother always made hers with white or yellow onion and sourcrout/pickled cabbage but I prefer the green onion and pickles.  The balance of flavors - sweet beets, something sour, and starchy potatoes - is the same, so it's a matter of texture preference or what you have on hand. I've seen it made with pickled mushrooms in some families or beans in place of or in addition to potatoes.

 I'm confused about the people saying vinegar is not traditional for this dish.  Where do you think it gets it's Russian name if not from the vinegar-based dressing? Perhaps soviet scarcity led to people leaving vinegar out and substituting other dressings, but it had to be part of the original recipe.

