Outstanding! I adore this soup! The greens and swiss chard create an earthy taste I can't get enough of. Although, the way I made it probably doesn't count as "borscht." I didn't have dill and I didn't blend anything. Just boiled it up and crumbled medium tofu into it... lazy, but still tasty! But do let it boil at least an hour before adding the tofu. Also, used fresh tomatoes instead of canned ones.

bland, really bland

I added 2 onions insted of one and also chopped up about 3 cups of white cabbage. In addition I reduced the cooking time to about 45 minutes. The soup is delicious

No. No veggie . This is not my grandmas Borscht

creative vegan - love it.

donno how u can call this borscht,  more like vegetable pure.  worst  borscht ive ever had...  BLAND BLAND

Made this a while ago.. Remember it being kind of bland. It was good, had good flavor but not enough of it. Borscht is already pretty vegan without the silken tofu.. Think that takes away the flavor.

I didn't measure my chard or tomatoes.  I added one bunch of red chard from the store and a can of whole tomatoes and a can of diced tomatoes. I have no reference for what this SHOULD taste like, but I adore the result that I got.

This is delicious, though it's definitely not like the photo. Note that when it says to blend half the beets, it should day half the entire mixture. Also, just pure the whole thing of you want soup, leaving the other half chunky is also delicious but makes it feel more like a stew.

I ended up needing to put a lot of salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper into it (I found it a bit bland as well). I also added some Tofutti Sour-cream on top once it was in a bowl. It helped a little. When the soup cooled you could taste the subtle flavors a bit more.

Love this recipe.  I'm making it again this year w/my excess beets.  I love that you use the greens.  I don't have celery in the garden so I leave it out, everything else I have.  Oh, no fresh dill either--I use the dill seed I saved earlier this summer.  And I don't put in the tofu.  It's really great w/o it.  I bet it'd be great w/it too, but I never have any on hand(or veggie broth).  This freezes great.  I make a big batch or two and eat it all winter long out of quart jars in the freezer.  Cracked pepper and a dollop of sour cream and I'm good to go.  Thanks for sharing!!

