OK..here's the deal. Please DO NOT use 2 Tbsp. of seasoned salt in this recipe! This has to be a typo. It's so salty you can't eat it. I made this recipe before & caught that mistake the last time, but...this time I was in a hurry & guess what? Poured in the whole amount of seas. salt..oh,yuck! Realized what I did as soon as I poured it in. I didn't want to pitch the whole thing so I tried adding a couple of peeled potatoes to it (supposed to absorb some of the saltiness...it didn't). I was talking to my sister & she suggested pouring all the broth out (just discard it) but not the meat,bacon or veggies & then rinsing all that off & starting over with more broth...it worked!! Only this time, I didn't use any salt at all & cut back on the Worcestershire sauce by 1/2. Perfect! It's a very good recipe if you don't screw it up :)

I liked, but family did not. They staTED TO seasonings and NOT the true flavor of stroganoff that we all love.

This recipe turned out quite well. I will certainly make it again.

It was great we loved it and so easy to make. 
I didn’t take a picture I will make it again soon

This was a hit with my family! The only things I did different was using real mushrooms, portobellos, cause I needed to use them up, and used no bacon, as it was all in the freezer. Oops. I will definitely use this again. Very filling!

Great flavor but the meat was tough. 
I will make it with a better cut of beef next time.

Very tasty.  Just a few changes.  Skipped oil and sautéed onions and celery in bacon grease.   Used 2Tabls butter to brown beef.   Used ricotta instead of sour cream.  It was delicious

Yes, I used Sirloin steak for the meat. I also used rice instead of noodles. Less filling and taste great. Incredible.

Very good! Made exactly as written except no seasoned salt, just salt, pepper and Worcestershire Sauce.

I didn’t care for the flavor of the Tabasco sauce in it. Other than that tender beef.

Used 2 c. unsalted broth and 2 c. regular.  Seemed like too much liquid. Coated meat in 1/4 c flour before starting and then after cooking an hour and a half I added 2 T cornstarch, then another after adding the sour cream, as it still was a bit thin. Afraid of it being too salty, I only added 1/2 tsp. seasoned salt initially, then we added to taste after the fact. I am guessing the way I did the broth maybe 2 tsp would be about right. Definitely use fresh mushrooms! I also added 1/2 tsp minced garlic and used only 2 pc. bacon. Both my husband and son liked this, and they are somewhat picky, so I guess this is a keeper. I will maybe use less broth and more cornstarch next time to see if I can thicken it up. Since we have extra "liquid" and not much meat left over, I will make it go further by subbing some ground beef and maybe serve over rice, just to change it up a bit. I like idea of cooking bacon separately so you can drain off grease- then use less to cook onion and celery in.

