By far one of the better Beef Stroganoff recipes we have tried.  I enjoyed making it, and while it is a bit labor intensive, it is still a relatively quick and deeply satisfying meal. Next time around I will start by adding a Half Cup of Sour Cream and adjust from there.  I feel that one cup of sour cream covered up some of the great flavors that were building through the process. Thank you!

Not bad but not great.  Was lacking in flavor and just not what I was looking for in a recipe for stroganoff .  Hubby decided this recipe was definitely the not a keeper.

I loved it. Easy to make, and my daughter who HATES mushrooms, actually ate this which for me was a total WIN??

I made this recipe.I followed it as directed. It was absolutely delicious. This is now on our list of great recipes to use in our menu rotation at home!

Overall this was a good recipe. Loved making the gravy for it! I’m giving 3 stars instead of 5 because I found it slightly bland without adding extra to it, and had to wing it a little after tasting it.
I made a few changes. I used ground beef cooked with a little flour, Salt, and pepper. I added another 1/4 tsp of salt at the end, another 1/4 cup beef broth to thin it a little more, 6 cloves of garlic in total (we love garlic) and, another 1/2 tsp worcestershire. I did 2 tbsp Sherry and tbsp off the Worcestershire to start instead of all sherry.  Family’s general consensus is that they’re uncertain of the tangy flavor, but it’s okay. I liked it enough to eat it again, but it wasn’t my favorite.

I made it with and without the tomato paste and liked both equally well. I did add a small amount of finely chopped garlic. don't worry I add garlic to almost any recipe  MAYBE EXCEPT PIES OR CAKES!!!

Quick, easy, and good but not the classic flavor of beef stroganoff.

Not bad but not great.  Was lacking in flavor and just not what I was looking for in a recipe for stroganoff .  Hubby decided this recipe was definitely the not a keeper.

I used what I had -  hamburger and chicken bone broth - and didn't have sour cream :(  so I substituted greek yogurt . I stirred in 1 generous teaspoon of Tarragon toward the end. SUPER yummy and definitely a permanent replacement for the old recipe! My picky father-in-law gave it a thumbs up!

I followed the recipe as written, but I used NY steaks because that’s what we had in our freezer.

I did not make any changes, we will see what all of my in laws think of the recipe after dinner.

