I'm Russian as well and make pirozhki pretty much the same way. Here is what I do differently:

I rub shredded cabbage with garlic salt in a large pot, and then pour boiling water over the cabbage covering completely. Boil the mixture until soft, usually around 15 min. Take the pot off the heat, drain the cabbage and return it to the pot, add spices, .5 to 1 spoon of butter(I use Smart Balance butter or other butter made with olive oil), and the eggs.

Also, after pinching the end together, I turn piroshok so that the pinched ends are on the bottom rather than on the side. It helps to keep not-so-well-pinched pirozhkis closed during baking and creates a nice symmetric shape. :)

After placing the pirozhki on the baking sheet, I let the dough rise just a little. Right before baking, I brush them with beaten egg yolk for glowing smooth look when ready. 

Yumm!

If you liked cooked cabbage then this is for you. If not, try making some cheese bourekas instead

New favorite dough recipe. I halved this and made six medium-sized pirozhki, but may make a full batch in the future as these keep wonderfully. Used egg white in the dough, and kept the yolk back to glaze. I prefer to give the dumplings a resting period after filling, about however long it takes for the oven to come to temperature.My favored filling is onion, mushroom, and potato, but on this first batch added some red cabbage salad that needed using up.

I love this recipe! It was amazing.

So good!

We made 16 cabbage,green,yellow onion,with hard boiled eggs,also added beets,with the other 16 used garlic ,onions, hamburger meat ,hard boiled eggs. Fun to make. I’ll send you a photo or two ,if you send me email. We’ll make them again. I like baking them,not frying. Thanks for the recipe. The fillings,are  unlimited,as toyour preference.

I substitute the filling for a rice and beef mixture because my friends and family are picky, but this has always been a hit at parties! People are amazed that the bread is made from scratch too!

They were bland  the bread part was awesome but the filling needs more going on than th at.

This was a really good dinner—though I used microwave bacon for the meat and then basted them with egg before sticking them in the oven. I think I messed up the bread, though—I’m cursed with terrible bread whenever I try to make it. But it was awesome nonetheless, and it made a good lunch the next day.

Worked really well!! The bread was even fluffier the second day!

Sorry, I have yet to make it, but I couldn't find my question anywhere, so.... How many Pirozhki does this make? They look amazing and I want to make them but the amount of flour sounds like it makes a lot.

