This recipe is really good, however I had a hard time keeping the butter in the chicken.  I fried the chicken for about 2 minutes on each side, then baked it for about 15 minutes in a 350 degree oven and it came out perfectly.  I did use more dill, because I love it.  A great recipe!

I have to disagree with everyone who said this recipe was 'easy'.  

To keep it short and sweet, be prepared.  It was messy, time consuming (getting the chicken wrapped securely around those pats of butter is HARD....rolling the chicken breasts pierced with skewers/toothpicks in the coatings and getting them well-covered is even harder!!) and the end result was very bland.  Maybe I should have used some salt (which is not listed anywhere in the recipe)??

Yes, Russian. Please don't bring politics to AllRecipes. A name is just a name. Russian chefs adapted a French technique and Chicken "Kiev style" was popularized. French Toast isn't French. Hawaiian pizza was created in Canada. Tempura was a Portuguese invention. A star was taken off for the name and that is a shame. We are dealing with a fried chicken breast with seasoned butter after all.I went ahead and made the recipe. I am not a fan of dill so I left that out. I also went a little heavier (2x in the flour mix) on the garlic powder. It came out perfect.

It was perfect, though I did use terragon as the only spice and also blue salt which is a result of an old hobby of mine. Everyone loved it and my mother couldn’t stop talking about how good it was. I would recommend this recipe if you want to get a taste of foreign foods. (If you don’t live in a country that includes chicken Kiev in it’s culture)

I went to my.butcher and had him butterfly a nice plump, lean boneless chicken breast. Much easier to.pound flat and roll up starting with a thin fillet. Messy? Yes. But worth the effort.

I didn't freeze the butter but it comes out and melts. If you want to save a few calories, fry it in little oil and then bake it.

Took to a dinner party with Uzbekistan theme, never having made fried chicken in my life, snatched up the second I put it down, had to snag a piece for myself...I used tenderloins instead of breast simply so I could serve more (made frying time 5 mins), delish!!! the butter is everything!!! Total freaking hit.

We had company over for dinner and this recipe really impressed! After reading the reviews, I fried the chicken like the recipes states, but then baked it in the oven to finish cooking. It seemed like I lost a lot of the butter while it was baking, but there was still plenty left inside. It was also really juicy and flavorful. It was a little time consuming, but this will become a weekly staple in our household. What I liked best was that I already had all the ingredients.

This is the first time I've made Chicken Kiev where the butter actually stayed in it until it was served!  I usually bake it in the over and the butter always leaks out, so maybe the trick is to pan fry it!!!  I did use chives instead of the dill, because that's how I've always made it.  Next time I will try some of the pieces with the dill as directed.

OMG Fantastic!!!  A bit of work but well worth it.  Will make again!

This is a pretty good recipe but I have always had Kiev made with Tarragon NOT dill.  Tarragon lovers should try it that way.

