Change from orifinal recipe- total prep and cook time:45 minutes. I used to live in Ukraine and I ate borscht several times a week there. This recipe tastes very similar to how they eat it over there. Yummy! I changed the recipe slightly so it was ready after about 35 Minutes of simmering. I used regular old stew meat from the store, browned it along with the chopped onion for a few minutes, then let it rest for 5 minutes while I finished preparing the veggies. I made sure to chop my carrots into smaller pieces since I knew I wouldn't be cooking them for 4 hours. I cut the beets into cube like, solid chunks, and used a half a red cabbage.  I then combined all ingredients, brought to a boil, reduced heat to simmering and 35 minutes later had the Yummiest soup ever. The Bay leaves and sour cream can't be skipped. I added 4 leaves. You are going to have to add a lot more salt than you think you may - the cabbage and beats really suck up the flavoring. I also used some Montreal Steak seasoning - that's powerful stuff and I used 2 tablespoons plus a lot of salt.

Rich and flavorful.  I dated a beautiful Russian for a decade.  He taught me to put sour cream on almost all soups.

This recipe is fantastic as is.  The only adjustment i made was that i found it impossible to "discard" the broth meat and veggies.  They make a very good meal on their own!

Hearty, delicious on a cold winter day.    Low carb and filling.    Loved it!

while the dish is awesome its not by any means russian. It's Ukrainian.

Awesome recipe. Used ground beef as that’s what I had on hand. Added more beets and cabbage. Added more salt as others suggested. Turned out great! Definitely making this again!

Added lentils to this soup instead of cabbage. It is one of my favourite soup recipes.

I totally loved this recipe! It was so delicious and the best Borscht Soup I have ever tried. Maybe if I use Golden Beets something may come out of it that was solid gold! Awesome recipe!

This was very good and hearty. I used stew meat and beef broth for the cooking liquid.  Used red cabbage. All of this came together beautifully. I used a seasoned German vinegar. Will make this again.

I made it with a lamb shoulder roast that I had in the freezer & doubled the recipe. Loved it!

