We make this a bit differently. Herring, layer of potatoes, shredded beets and shredded carrots. Repeat. Each layer divided by mayo, garlic,  salt and pepper. Top layer is boiled grated egg and on the very top is shredded cheddar cheese. No onions. Served in a glass container, awesome colors and fantastic taste!

It is strange that this recipe has onions in it. I am from the Baltic States where people eat a lot of this "salad" and we never use onion. Instead of pure mayonnaise we use a mix of mayonnaise and sour cream, not so fat and the taste is much better and the salad juicier. Besides- when layering is done we put crushed boiled eggs on top (they should look like grated). Fresh chopped dill can be added, too.

If you're not from Ukraine or Russia (like my husband is), this salad sounds really gross (like to me, from NJ!), but he LOVES it.  He and his friends go crazy for this wacky herring, beet, mayonnaise salad! Definitely give it a try, the recipe is perfect!  It makes a big mess but it's worth it :)

I followed this recipe to the letter, and it was absolutely delicious! My daughter's mother-in-law usually comes for Thanksgiving and brings this, but of course they can't come this year. I'm so addicted to it I figured I'd try it. I really don't know if it tastes the same as the mother-in-laws recipe, but it turned out pretty darn well and my son-in-law was even impressed! I think the only difference was that I used herring in a cream sauce, because that's the only thing available in this area of Maine, not surprisingly. But it was great!

This is amazing! I have made this recipe many times. Most recently I had a big jar of pickles herring with onion on hand so I used that and didn't have to add any extra onion. I rinsed the herring and onion well before using. I sliced the beets, carrots and potato thinly instead of grating them because you can then cut the salad into squares and serve on a bed of greens for a fantastic presentation. I have also started to use tzatziki instead of mayo or sour cream because it goes so well with the beets and herring.

I forgot to cut the herring in to bites sizes... But my husband being Russian loved it.. I think I would do it a little different next time.

Per others' suggestions, I spread a mixture of 1/2 sour cream and 1/2 mayo between each layer (which came to about a cup of each). I bought herring filets packaged in oil with onion so the onions were already soft and mild. I chopped the filets to match the onion size and spread together for the first layer. I also sprinkled garlic powder, salt and pepper on each veggie layer. It was a hit with my Russian family.

This "Russian Beet Salad with Herring" totally rocks! I love it! Please serve it to me for my birthday!!! ;) Thank you Evgeniya for sharing your recipe.

Excellent holiday salad. My American husband loves it. I do layers in slightly different order: potatoes, herring, onions, carrots, beets then repeat. My American neighbor thinks it goes well with wine, beer or any kind of liquor, so I make a small dish just for her around the holidays.

This is very similar to the way my made it. Yummy Shuna

great!!  Didn't change anything.

