Absolutely Fabulous!  I have a bumper cabbage crop this year and was exploring my options when I ran across this offering.

Here are my revisions:  I cut the sugar in half as recommended by others, two cans of diced tomatoes as 1 other reviewer recommended, about a pint less water, a pinch more salt and pepper and one additional beef bouillon cube.  I also added a few extra veggies, cleaning out the fridge of all the little extra bits and pieces.

This is definitely a keeper!

This is pretty good stuff! Make sure you have big pot or make the serving sizes smaller. Our largest pot didn't quite cut it. It was overflowing by the end.

This is very similar to the famous cabbage soup at Sherman's Deli in Palm Springs. Here are my slight revisions to make it exactly like the soup at Sherman's: Two cans of tomatoes (I used crushed), 2 chopped fresh tomatoes, cut the sugar by half, added an additional bouillon cube and added 2 spicy sausages. I then completely omitted the quart of water at step 2. Delicious and even better the next day!

I love cooked cabbage, so any cabbage soup is welcomed. First this makes more than 4 servings. My cabbage weighed 4#s and I only used less than 2/3s. I added less than one cup diced celery because it needed to be used up, otherwise I followed the list of ingredients. With 1.5# of ground beef, 2 quarts of water and a head of cabbage this makes almost 5 quarts of soup. That is all right as I was making soup for 8-9 people. I tasted the soup as it cooked, it was good before I added the sugar and vinegar. It is still cooking and I am debating whether to add the sugar and vinegar. With or  without the sugar and vinegar I will make this again.

The only things I changed was using pureed tomatoes in place of the diced and no tomato sauce. I also used only 1/4 cup sugar and a 1/2 tsp of Italian seasoning. It was great!

Delicious as is!

I halved the recipe and used only 1 can of diced tomatoes (no tomato sauce).  Absolutely LOVED this soup.  You can't go wrong with this one.  Making again...2 of us wiped out what we had quickly!

Excellent soup. I happened to have a jar of pickled beets on hand and added about a shot glass full of juice to the soup.  I feel it was a good addition just a hint of earthy taste was added but would have been a good soup without also. Will be my go-to recipe for cabbage soup.

interesting that the video shows that you brown the ground beef first, but the recipe says nothing about that....I assumed the beef had to be browned along with the onions, and I really liked this soup.  I will be making it again.

This is one of the best recipes you have, I also freeze the leftovers in 1 quart containers, and it makes a great fast meal when I'm too tired to cook!

Absolutely love this recipe and it gets raves anytime I make it! I've made it many many times!

