It's delicious!

This is excellent! So different, and so many different flavors blended together perfectly.   I used the largest setting on my spiralier, which made it very pretty also.

I made this for the first time. Substitutes: Grapeseed Oil (Vegetable Oil), Honey (Sugar), Onion Powder and Asian Spice Mix (Salt). 

Nailed it! 

Put together in the morning and enjoyed it with spareribs for dinner!

I did as other reviewers suggested and reduced the salt. It turned out great!

Turned out great, very close to what I’ve had in Russia. I would cut down on the salt and vinegar because it turned out a little more sour and salty than what I’m used to. Overall, good recipe!

This dish has become a staple at our house. Simple flavors come together in healthy ingredients. Some crunch, some zing, some zip. I use olive oil instead of veg oil, and I don't precook the onions.

Had this dish in Kazakhstan at a family member's farmhouse meal and loved it.  I asked how it was made and this is essentially the same recipe (except for the onions).  The first time I made it, I used prepared minced garlic instead of fresh--big difference. Go buy a real head of garlic and mince the 3 cloves by knife.  The first time I also used a grater--wrong!    This time, I first tried to use a Mandoline to julienne the carrots, as some recipes for this dish specify, but it just wouldn't work. Finally, I pulled out my little handheld Veggetti spiral julienne device and used the larger of the two sizes.  Worked great!!!  Was more like the original dish we had had.   I suppose a Cuisinart would work if you have one.   

I also did what most reviewers did:  cut the salt way down, to 1 tsp.  I didn't have or want onions so I left those out, but still use the oil added to the vinegar and spices, like with any dressing.  I also cut the cayenne down to 1/4 tsp since we don't like "hot" or spicy.  Next time I may only use a dash--even 1/4 tsp was too much for us.  I used avocado oil because  I  figured it may be better than just plain canola oil.  (I have read not to use olive oil in this recipe btw. )  Agree with everyone that this needs to marinate at least 4-5 hours, and better overnight.

I cut the salt down to less than half what the recipe called for and it is salty enough for my taste. I usually make a sweeter carrot salad with raisins, so this was an interesting contrast. I will probably make it again.

Very good! I had never had Russian-Korean carrot salad before. What a unique and tasty salad! I love the coriander! I was a little conservative with the salt (I only used 2 tsp instead of 2.5tsp) and it was plenty salty. I might even cut back to 1.5tsp next time. I let it marinate overnight and it was oh-so-good!

Way too much salt. I followed directions to a tee and it came out too salty. Use lemon juice instead of salt. It's still very close to a flavor of a carrot salad I used to buy in Russia.

