This bread was awesome! It was just like the one that the rustic bakery down the street from my house sells.  Like others who commented on this recipe, I substituted molasses for the dark corn syrup.  I did not use a bread machine, rather I mixed everything, let it rise for about an hour. punched it down, formed it into a large round loaf, and cut deep "vents" in a star pattern across the top and baked for about 35 minutes at 350 degrees. GREAT RECIPE!!! And easy...Update: I made this again but added 2 t. onion powder and it was AMAZING!!!

10-22-07  I made this loaf expecting a strong rye flavor and was disappointed. However, it was tasty, just not "rye enough" for me!

Read comments before doing recipe. Just like others said. The recipe needs more flour than it lists. Add until the dough is wrapped on the hook and isn’t sticking to the bowl. I did kneed it lightning after taking it off the hook on floured surface. I added 1 to 1 cups of bread flour and rye flour. Ended up adding total of about 2 1/2 cups extra than what it called for plus some bread flour for surface.  Otherwise this was a good and quick recipe. Smells and looks right.

This is a WOW recipe. I didn't think it was going to rise, so I let it go 30 more minutes before baking. I cut it in half and made 2 bread balls. It rose like 2 footballs, and the softness is wonderful. I love rye bread and this recipe might be my go to if it stays fresher than the New York Rye on All Recipes. I also added more Kimmel seeds too.

I made this using a stand mixer, as I don't own a bread machine. Followed the directions exactly. Found I needed at least another cup of bread flour in order for the dough to come together. The resulting bread was delicious! Breakfast toast with marmalade and cheese for the win.

I swapped butter for margarine and molasses for corn syrup. But the biggest change I made is that I used my own sourdough starter instead of dry yeast and had to convert the measurements to account for that change.I also baked it in my cast iron.Will definitely make it again and will add black cumin seeds as well.

Instead of using 2 bread pans I used a Sassafras French Bread Baker.  Turned out great.

This didn't make a dough. It made a gooey liquid that never did bake correctly. I wish I had read more reviews and had added more flour like others mentioned. When I looked in the bread machine and saw liquid instead of the ball of dough I was concerned. I've been making bread in a bread machine for over 20 years, so I should have gone with my gut and added more flour then. We ate the outside crust and threw the rest out. I even tried to finish baking it in the oven and it just didn't work.  I looked through my bread machine recipe book and sure enough this has way more liquid ingredients than any other recipe. 2 stars for potential flavor.

Great-tasting bread!  I don’t have a bread machine anymore, so I used my stand mixer and baked it in the oven.  This is the second time I’ve used this recipe and both times I’ve had to add a lot more flour. My advice is to add at least a half cup of the flour of your choice when first combining the ingredients, then add more if (when) needed. Also, the directions for oven-baking says to divide it for 2 loaves, but as you can see from the pic it would make 2 small loaves or 1 slightly large loaf.

Great bread. Even though I have a bread machine I prefer to make bread by hand. This came out delicious but huge. Next time I’ll make it into two loaves instead of one huge.

I have made this bread every week since I found this recipe. My husband and I are both hooked on this bread!   I have made a couple of adjustments -  I make strong coffee for part of the water. I use molasses instead of dark corn syrup, and don’t add the fennel seeds.  I put all ingredients into mixing bowl after proofing the yeast.  I use my kitchen aid stand mixer and let my dough hook do all work. In 10 to 12 minutes it is ready to rise...   Very easy and delicious!!

