Classic this is, it was so simple to throw in crockpot, but elegant enough to serve for company!  I used a whole grain mustard because I love it.  Served it over wide egg noodles, there were no left-overs!

Adjust this receipt for more flavor. Use about a 2.5 pound or so  tri tip roast.  Use 16 oz fresh mushrooms quartered. Use a very large fine chopped onion, 2 T of tomato paste with 1 cup beef broth (you can add a little wine if you wish up to 1/2C). 3 T soy sauce, 3/4 t pepper, 1.5 t of paprika, 1 tsp worcestershire, 3 cloves of crushed garlic or 3 t of garlic paste.  Cook 5.5 hrs. on low then add 1 C sour cream, 1 tab soy sauce, 2 t parsley, a little more pepper if you wish.  Make a 2 T butter and T flour Rue, add a cup of liquid to thicken and add back into cooker.  Cook another half hour.  Now you have much more flavor and it is more like the real thing.  Hope this is helpful.

Tasted good. Very easy.

Had ingredients for another stroganoff recipe then I saw this slow cooker one. I love anything slow cooker. I made it to the letter. So good! Husband loved it! I may add some wine next time. (Hint: let your sour cream get room temp or plan on heating it up after adding.)

Flavor was good, but very watery.  Next time I will omit the beef broth.

We love this and will make it again

Adjust this receipt for more flavor. Use about a 2.5 pound or so  tri tip roast.  Use 16 oz fresh mushrooms quartered. Use a very large fine chopped onion, 2 T of tomato paste with 1 cup beef broth (you can add a little wine if you wish up to 1/2C). 3 T soy sauce, 3/4 t pepper, 1.5 t of paprika, 1 tsp worcestershire, 3 cloves of crushed garlic or 3 t of garlic paste.  Cook 5.5 hrs. on low then add 1 C sour cream, 1 tab soy sauce, 2 t parsley, a little more pepper if you wish.  Make a 2 T butter and T flour Rue, add a cup of liquid to thicken and add back into cooker.  Cook another half hour.  Now you have much more flavor and it is more like the real thing.  Hope this is helpful.

When I made this dish, the end result didn't look much like the photo, it was much creamier in appearance. I don't know if that's because I used full fat sour cream instead of low fat? Nevertheless, it tasted great and my kids loved it too. Even got them to eat some of the mushrooms (that never happens) because they loved the sauce so much.

This is the best crockpot version of stroganoff that I have tried. The sauce came out just the right thickness. Next time I'll make the following changes; garlic powder instead of fresh garlic, omit the dill, increase the salt to 1tsp, add 1/8tsp - 1/4tsp nutmeg.

Easy to put together and very flavorful.  Because of scheduling, I made it in the crockpot the day before I needed it, then reheated it on the stove, adding the sour cream at that point.  It was great.

WOW!!!!!!

