These were good, I used Savoy cabbage as it is easier to roll.
I covered them with tomatoe sauce  and baked them till they were hot in the center.
I find when you add ground pork or chicken to beef burger you need to add flavor.I added fresh minced rosemary, basil and parsley, about 1 tablespoon of each. I also used my own tomatoe sauce to cover the cabbage rolls.Did not use the sour cream.

this doesn't tell what dried herbs to use, and that is one mistake and it also doesn't mention some of the other steps.  but I remember my mother in law using instant rice to help speed up the time.

The only thing I did different was doubled the sauce using marinara instead of tomato paste and no water.  Very tasty sauce

this doesn't tell what dried herbs to use, and that is one mistake and it also doesn't mention some of the other steps.  but I remember my mother in law using instant rice to help speed up the time.

I just made these this evening and they were great.  Wouldn't change a thing!  My husband wanted seconds!

I used this recipe as inspiration.  I remember helping my mother make cabbage rolls when I was a kid, but I couldn't remember all of the ingredients.  Also, I wasn't sure what to do with "dried spices" as an ingredient, so I went hog wild with what I had in the cupboard.

I made a lot of changes.  First, I used a pint of leftover rice from a Chinese takeout rather than cooking my own.  Second, I seasoned the meat mixture with salt, pepper, and Penzey's Tsardust Memories seasoning (salt, garlic, cinnamon, pepper, nutmeg and marjoram).  I also added a touch of milk to tenderize the meat and an egg to help bind it all together.

The sauce was very different from what my mother made, and I'm glad I stuck closer to this recipe than my mother's (which I think was just a jar of Ragu).  However, rather than dilute tomato paste, I used a 28 oz. can of tomato sauce.  I seasoned the sauce with Penzey's Frozen Pizza seasoning.  Weird, I know, but believe me when I say it worked.

I fried the first batch of rolls, but it was such a pain that after I turned them, I just snuggled the rest of the rolls into the Dutch Oven, covered them with the sauce, and popped it into a slow oven (300 degrees F) for three hours.

I forgot to add the sour cream into the sauce, so I put a little dab on each serving as I dished it out.  In my opinion, the sour cream isn't optional.  It transformed the whole dish and made it more rich and delicious than I thought a tiny dab of sour cream could ever do.

Made it without pork by increasing ground beef by 3/4#

This was delicious. Great with a dollop of sour cream and some dill on top.

It was good!  I know cabbage rolls aren't supposed to have bacon, but I added it.

It was good!  I know cabbage rolls aren't supposed to have bacon, but I added it.

Made it as directed. I felt that it was very good and my wife loved it. She'll see that I make it again. I think that I will blanch the cabbage leaves separately at that time.

