It is even better with diced (baked & chilled) chicken instead of bologna or 50x50! It is better to use ZerGut Russian style Dills Pickles and Hellmann's Real (not Light!) mayonnaise or Russian mayonnaise like "Chumak" etc.

This was okay but a bit on the bland side for me. Perhaps more mayonnaise would help, or including the balogna (I went without because it was labeled optional). For me the flavors also didn't harmonize great.

I have these differences, you can try them:- Replace diced chicken breast, boiled or (better) roasted (take off the skin after roasting) for the bologna.- Add capers for taste (my grandma used them)- Add other chopped pickled veggies and/or sauerkraut (more probiotic punch and vitamins)- Add beetroot /replace carrots with them- Add a little lemon juice.

Totally loved the salad.  Followed as written, used kielbasa sausage because we like it.  Will definitely make again and again.  I used frozen peas because I like their color and texture.  Everyone enjoyed this salad.

Add chopped cooked chicken instead of bologna.

Authentic Russian salad recipe. You can always adjust how much mayonnaise you use.

I use a bunch of scallions instead of a regular onion.
Thought this recipe was really good.

Love this recipe!!! Per other reviews I added some dill to taste and subbed cubed ham for the bologna. I also don't care for canned peas so I subbed frozen sweet peas and omitted the boiled eggs. Eggs are hit and miss with me in potato salad. I'll try them next time though. My wife said it was the best potato salad she's ever had.

I used small cubes of sautéed chicken breast instead of bologna; also 1/2 sweet onion instead of whole onion to accommodate taste preference.

Delicious! A taste of Russian Christmas! A bit of dill goes a long way, if you're looking to augment this recipe.

I have loved this salad since I was a child when my mom made it on special occasions.  I made it by following the recipe here and it is just as I remember it from when I was growing up.  I also had leftover turkey breast that I added to the salad instead of ham.  It is delicious!

