I looooove this Pelmeni recipe! It’s simple and delicious. I personally cut the onions really small (more of a mince than a chop) and I prefer to sauté them before adding them to the ground beef. Make sure you season with an ample amount of salt and pepper, if you don’t the filling will be bland. My favorite dipping sauce to serve with these is sour cream mixed with a splash or two of white vinegar (sometimes I add dill weed too).  They freeze great, just make sure to flour them before putting them in the freezer. I didn’t do this the first time and they all stuck together. Banging them on the counter to separate them was a workout LOL.

turned out amazing

I did use a ground pork and beef mixture and after cooking in water, I lightly browned them in a small amount of butter. We love pierogies, Chinese dumplings, ravioli, and these are a great addition to our stuffed dumplings category. My grandkids love to help make these.

My wife and I made these today.  Absolutely delicious.  We used ground turkey but otherwise followed the recipe completely.  We could hear "Somewhere My Love" in the background.  Froze the balance for quick use.

Great recipe for fresh pelmeni, thank you for sharing  This dough does not freeze well.

An old friend of mine made these many years ago. Called it "Pair of Mondays". I added garlic and minced mushrooms, and cooked them in beef broth, then garnished them with dill weed. They are fantastic and easy to make. After 30 years they are again a regular treat for us.

In Lebanon we have a meat pie called “Sambousek” that’s almost identical to this recipe, but it’s folded differently at the end (just a crescent shape). 

One other thing we do differently is cook the meat prior to frying.  I just couldn’t wrap my head around not draining the grease and frying these with raw meat as in the recipe.  I would love to know what happens to the grease if you fry these with the meat uncooked.  They’re so much work but totally worth it in the end.  My kids don’t want to waist 5 days til Easter to eat them they’re that good!

Fond memories of Pelmeni making parties. My mom and several of her friends and my aunts would sit around the dining room table "folding" pelmeni. Hundreds would be made. Since my family is Russian by way of Shanghai we have and still eat them with vinegar and soya sauce. Delicious!

Russia has just been in the news so much that we had to take it upon ourselves to learn a little bit about their culture. Luckily we were able to find this great Russian Dumpling or “Pelmeni” recipe.  Open your horizon’s people, food is the great unionizer!

Just like mom used to make, delicious. The dough stayed together while boiling. I did order a Pelmeni Mold from Ebay for $7.95 first. Five stars on this!

