This was my first time to even cook a beet. It turned out great! I went exactly by the recipe and would not change a thing.

I'm not sure what Borscht is suppose to taste like, I had never even heard of it before I saw this recipe.  I was just looking for something new to make.  I followed the recipe with out any changes so I assume it turned out correctly.  However, I found it almost completely tasteless.  I will probably not make this again.

Love it!  It was like my mother-in-law used to make, and I have been looking for a recipe like her's as it was never written down.  I added some beef as well and served it hot with malt vinegar and sour cream.

Excellent!  I puréed it after it cooled. Loved it with the crunch of the cucumbers and the creaminess of the sour cream.

Great recipe, but I changed it up a bit based on what I had in the kitchen.  I peeled the beets before boiling, saved the water, and then put all the ingredients into the blender.  I added a little bit of lemon juice.  I put it all back into the pot to simmer and added about a cup of heavy cream.  I garnished with cucumbers and fresh dill.  Great flavor.  I left off a star because I didnt wind up following the recipe to a T, however, it was great recipe to start from and it was really inspiring.  I didnt change it much.

I'm *trilled* with this recipe!  A polish woman I knew made the most wonderful borscht, and this is just about it!  I'm happy beyond words!  Changes I made to match her recipe: no onion, no pepper, apple cider vinegar instead of red wine vinegar, and I strained the final soup.  (Her's was served as a broth.)  I remember her pressing the heck out of the beets in the strainer to get every last drop of juice, so I did the same.  The proportions in the recipe are spot on, and it tastes great.  I have to admit, I don't even add the sour cream.  It's great on it's own.

We loved it. I put it in a blender, though. Much better with tiny pieces :)

Excellent mix of flavors and was loved even by beet haters!

Very favorable dish, however we had to use a blender to puree the borscht after cooking, because it was not the desired consistency. Also, it came out a bit too thin...perhaps next time cut back on the amount of broth in the recipe.

It is great!   The best part is that it is a great smoothie.   I'm thinking of adding some yogurt next time.   I'm drinking it as it is, for lunch tomorrow!

It was a great soup, with some pita bread stripa....perfection.

First time making borscht,  I did substitute the red wine vinegar with Apple cider vinegar, added galling salt, and a can of potatoes pureed and mixed in to thicken it,  because after making it,  it was pretty watery. But over all I absolutely love it!

