I am russian, and I LOVE this salad!  My mom actually made this 2 days ago.  Instead of the hotdogs either use boiled chicken breasts (my favorite way) or Bologna cut into small pieces.  Also add boiled carrots, which you can cook in the same pot as the potatoes.  We also add some dill for color and flavor.  You can use green onion or regular onion.  Cut the potatoes when they are still hot/warm and put the mayo in as you cut them, while they are warm. This makes the salad creamier and better tasting!  Enjoy!

I don't get all the rave reviews. I made it just as written with no modifications. Maybe it will be better after it sits in the refrigerator overnight although that is not indicated in the recipe.

My family loved it. I made it with peas and carrots as others suggested and also added about 1/4 cup of the pickle juice instead of salt. Will definitely make again and try ham instead of turkey franks and see how that turns out.

My Mother also added boiled carrots or use a can of peas and carrots and no onions. You don’t have to add any meats if you make it vegetarian.

I made this for a school cooking contest and I won first place! I made it again for my family and they loved it. I took out hot dogs just because I didn't want it. Delicious :)

it's a great salad ,!  Unfortunately, I made mine and the patatoes  ended being little bit hard. In that case I added the mayo and mixed  all together so the patatoes  get softened little bit . By any means  ; it tastes great; but  my mom makes it differently and her's is better ????

I'm not  from Eastern Europe  and I loved this! After reading all the reviews I added cooked carrots and lots of dill. I also used Boar's Head ring bologna. The pickles and eggs were so delicious with the peas. It is so good we eat it as an entree, sided with some cold pickled beets and assorted cheeses. Just fantastic. Thank you for a really nice recipe.

Delicious potato salad! I used ham and fresh dill (that I had on hand from making the refrigerator dill pickles on this site). I added some prepared mustard, black pepper and garlic salt to the mayonnaise. I used some of the homemade dill pickles as well. Easy to make and yummy to eat! Thank you for sharing.

Never had Russian potato salad before, so I have no point of reference.  Now I'll admit I wasn't sure I'd be 100% on board with this recipe, but I wanted to try it simply because of those hot dogs.  That's what makes this no "ordinary" potato salad as the recipe author states.  I did use Nathan's® All Beef Hot Dogs and frozen peas but, otherwise,  followed the recipe. Well, we not only liked it, we REALLY liked it!  This house loves potato salad, and this certainly will be made again.

The only thing this potato salad recipe lacked in getting 5 stars from me was the canned peas.  SO much tastier with a handful of fresh or frozen pettit-pois.  Excellent recipe otherwise.

wow this tasted great!  a fantastic break from regular potato salad!

