Awesome, easy recipe. I have made multiple times and  the biggest tip I have is to add a can of water (soup can) to the creamy mix. It’s a paste if you don’t dilute the creamy mixture. I mix the dry ingredients in a bowl together and sprinkle over the meat/veg mix. It absorbs the extra liquid and puts a wonderful flavor in the meat, prior to adding the creamy ingredients. I use 1/2 tbsp liquid smoke. The full tbsp overpowers everything else. I make egg noodles and mix into the creamy mix as it’s cooking.

Added evaporated milk to make it creamer.

Will make again.  Too much sauce for 1 lb. of beef so I used 1 1/2 or more of beef,  Mistakingly use Italian type seasoning instead of seasoning salt but liked that flavour.  Browned beef first then added onion and mushrooms.  I served it with Penne pasta.  Quite pleased.

This is the first time I’ve ever made a beef stroganoff.  I’m happy that I tried this recipe.  It was easy. More importantly, it was delicious.  Thank you for sharing.

Absolutely yummy

Was very happy with the outcome.

Tasty and easy.  Use a few drops of liquid smoke.  Could also use smoked paprika in lieu of regular.  I usually use ground turkey or low-fat ground beef and low-fat sour cream to reduce fat content.

I just made this for the first time and it was very good. I was looking for something to make using ground beef that wasn’t spaghetti sauce! Because I don’t eat gluten or dairy, I made a couple of substitutions. Instead of the flour I used arrowroot powder. And instead of cream of mushroom soup I  used a can of coconut milk and extra fresh mushrooms. For the noodles I got gluten free egg noodles. I didn’t have liquid smoke so added some beef broth concentrate. I also used fresh garlic instead of powder. My husband said it was better than his mom’s! I love how easy it was too.

Very warm and tasty on a cool Fall night!

Awesome, easy recipe. I have made multiple times and  the biggest tip I have is to add a can of water (soup can) to the creamy mix. It’s a paste if you don’t dilute the creamy mixture. I mix the dry ingredients in a bowl together and sprinkle over the meat/veg mix. It absorbs the extra liquid and puts a wonderful flavor in the meat, prior to adding the creamy ingredients. I use 1/2 tbsp liquid smoke. The full tbsp overpowers everything else. I make egg noodles and mix into the creamy mix as it’s cooking.

We all want a recipe the way we like it, tweaking it to suit our taste.  Doesn't necessarily make the recipe good or bad.  This was a good-tasting recipe, and easy, which is what most of us want.  I read this recipe and could tell that with the flour, it was going to be very stiff, because there's not enough liquid in it to make a gravy-type sauce.  I followed the recipe exactly, except didn't add liquid smoke, as stroganoff doesn't seem like a recipe that has a smoke flavor.  The sauce became extremely thick so I added 1 cup of milk.  I didn't use a whole pound of ground beef, as I don't care for tons of meat in my food.  I added a large clove of minced garlic. I added extra Worcestershire for more taste.  The only other thing I did differently is serve it over mashed potatoes, as I don't care for egg noodles or rice.  It was very good.

