Don't let anyone sway you from trying this recipe.  My mother was born and raised in Russia, I have friends here in the U.S. who are immigrants from the Ukraine and every one of them makes their borscht a little differently.  If you are on a quest for "authentic" borscht like it is the holy grail, good luck - there are many interpretations.  I tried this one because I am not pigeonholed into one type.  An open mind will yield many good things.  This was an EXCELLENT dish.  Very clean, very delicious.  It has that ethnic taste you are looking for when you want borscht.  Who cares what it's called?  I loved it and will make it again and again.  Thank you for sharing this!

Don't even bother.  This is NOT borscht.  I lived in Ukraine and Russia, and married a native Ukrainian.  If you're looking for authentic Russian borscht, keep looking and pass this one by.

A different borscht from what I usually make, but still good!

I added bay leaf and sliced beef, so delish!

At every step I needed a lot more water. I’m not sure what tomato purée is.  So I used half a cup of tomato paste. It drowned out all the subtle flavors, so I ended up with spaghetti  sauce.

Delicious!I left out the potatoes (didn't have any) and the caraway seeds ( just don't like them), and it was still really good!  It may not be completely authentic but in the end,  it was easy and delicious and reminded me of my grandparents... Thank you

I also added parsnips and turnips

This recipe is wonderful. It really needs little in the way of additions. I add celeriac as I do to all soups for a little extra flavour. I don't love store bought vegetable broth so add sacrificial veggies, long pieces of celery, carrot etc. I can fish out after long cooking. Fresh dill is a must. A dash of crushed chilis for a little kick.

My family love this borscht! I usually puree it when done because I seem to like my soups smooth.

I like it!

Delicious. Not my mother's borscht (she used to make it with meat) but loved it and I'm saving the recipe. I added a couple of bay leaves and 3 whole allspice. Instead of slicing the beets and potatoes I cut them into small cubes.

