Pashka is traditionally served within my extended family (Mennonite background) as a bread at Easter.  This recipe sounds like the pashka 'cheese' used as a spread for the sweet and thick crusted bread.

I have heard the cheese is best made with 'real' cottage cheese (from local farmers) rather than that found in a local grocery store.  The texture is much finer and it provides a richer taste.

First of all, the Russian dish is called PASKHA (pas-kha), not "pashka". Secondly, it is not just a dessert eaten with bread. It is a special dish you make once a year, for Easter, and eat it with the Russian Easter cake.

This is one of few recipes I make almost as written, but with one change: I dislike currants, so I use Craisins instead. I have made this many times for church and other friends, and it's a huge hit every time.

Couldn't find currants so used raisins.  This would make a great fruit dip as well as on bagels or toast.  Served it as dessert for a Russian dinner and it was a huge success.

I love this receipe very tasty.

Made this for the guys at my work Friday before Easter. They are all mostly Russian's and I wanted to give them something they are use to. 
This will not mold into a cheese block like images you see,the consistency is of cottage cheese. 
If you want the authentic kind you can mold it is a little more difficult of a recipe and takes a lot longer.
I used strawberries instead of currents,and I think it turned out great "taste wise",but it doesn't look great. Does taste like cheesecake though!

I mother made Pashka every Easter and used vanilla bean and yellow raisins.  She used a plastic flower pot with holes and lined it with cheese cloth so that the liquid could drain.  It was served as a dessert.  I cut down on the sugar because of the raisins I used.

Pashka is one of my favorite Easter time dishes. I LOVE this recipe! So easy to make and it tastes like cheesecake filling! I leave out any raisins or almonds as everyone in my family likes it smooth. This was the 1st time I added lemon extract to it and it was surprisingly good. Perfect pashka if you ask me!

Really simple & yummy!  Great for those watching their carbs too.  Thanks for sharing!

Very good recipe! In times past this was eaten only once per year but now it is becoming a general holiday dessert eatne at many holidays!

First of all, the Russian dish is called PASKHA (pas-kha), not "pashka". Secondly, it is not just a dessert eaten with bread. It is a special dish you make once a year, for Easter, and eat it with the Russian Easter cake.

