The flavor is similar to what I remember, but it turned out more dry than the Syrniki I am used too.  However, I had to add quite a bit more flour (probably three times what the recipes specifies) to get it to the point where it could be rolled into a log and sectioned into patties for frying.  Maybe it would have been better to leave it more like a batter and spoon it into the skillet for frying.

To tell the truth, i wouldn't give this recipe any stars at all, sorry. I make this dish all the time, and - really - with this amount of cottage cheese (i use farmer's) i'd put only 1 egg and 1 tbs of semolina. It's not supposed to be rolled and cut! The point of adding egg and semolina is to get the cheese smooth enough so u can make PATTIES. I even omit the flour and semolina if the consistency of farmer's cheese is working for as is. Only cheese, sugar, pinch of salt and eggs. But it depends on your taste.

I didn't have any semolina flour but it still worked perfectly! absolutely delicious!

I am quite certain that the recipe is not quite right. After making the mixture, it was far too wet. After a little improvisation (And a lot of extra of each flour) it reached a desirable consistency for kneading and frying. The end result was excellent, and, topped with a bit of clover honey, was an excellent edition to my culinary lab.

I would recommend the following changes;
-Add perhaps 1 cup all - purpose/ semolina flour, and after this use tablespoons to measure out more until the dough reaches a desired consistency.

I'm sorry but as other reviewers have stated, if you make syrniki dough firm enough to roll it will turn out dry.  I tried it so that I could rate the recipe accurately, and that's exactly what happened.  I prefer mine to be creamy, and I only add enough semolina to make a dough that can be formed into sticky patties, then fried.  Sometimes I add raisins, and I always make my own farmer's cheese if I have the time.  We eat this for breakfast (my family is Ukrainian), dusted with powdered sugar or served with sour cream.

One simply has to try this.. love at first bite!!!

To tell the truth, i wouldn't give this recipe any stars at all, sorry. I make this dish all the time, and - really - with this amount of cottage cheese (i use farmer's) i'd put only 1 egg and 1 tbs of semolina. It's not supposed to be rolled and cut! The point of adding egg and semolina is to get the cheese smooth enough so u can make PATTIES. I even omit the flour and semolina if the consistency of farmer's cheese is working for as is. Only cheese, sugar, pinch of salt and eggs. But it depends on your taste.

I liked the recipe except one thing...the amount of flour wasn't right. When I put the amount of flour called in the recipe it didn't look at all like a dough.It was still very liquid.So I had to add much more flour and at the end I didn't even get a dough so that I could roll it but I just made small patties in my hand and dusted them in flour.

My family loved it. 
Thanks

I make these all the time ( huby is Ukrainian) and this is actually a breakfast meal. We use farmers cheese to make these or tvorog wich is a russian pot cheese similer to farmers cheese. These should not be dry enough to roll out. If they can roll there is too much flour. Try straining the cottage cheese for a few hours first to get some of the liquid out and then follow the recipe. They should be dropped by large spoonfuls into a good amount for hot oil. Also sugar is to taste but try serving these with jam and sour cream. This is the traditional way of serving them. Some people put golden raisins in them as well. I personally hate raisins. It should be like a very very thick batter that you could shape with wetted hands. I just spoon it in and smooth the top with the back of the spoon. We also use farina cereal in place of the semolina and add some B.P. to make them puff a bit. 1/2 t should do it. Mix it into the flour and cereal before you add it to the cheese, sugar, egg mixture. Good luck and Nazdorovya!!!

The flavor is similar to what I remember, but it turned out more dry than the Syrniki I am used too.  However, I had to add quite a bit more flour (probably three times what the recipes specifies) to get it to the point where it could be rolled into a log and sectioned into patties for frying.  Maybe it would have been better to leave it more like a batter and spoon it into the skillet for frying.

