So much better than store bought and so quick and easy to throw together why bother with the bottled stuff?  This was exactly what I was looking for to slather on our Reuben sandwiches.  When I make it again,  I think I'll try more horseradish.  (For those who are not sure, the chili sauce called for is Heinz 57, or something similiar, not the hot chili sauce!)

didn't like the colour

Thought this was perfect exactly as is, wouldn't change a thing.  Had it today on a corned beef sandwich.Update on Oct 11, 2022 - I agree with many other reviewers that this dressing needs a lot more horseradish to give it some zing.  I used this spread on a grilled corned beef-swiss-rye sandwich which we enjoyed, but the dressing  was a bit runny.  There’s another recipe on site that I’ve been making for years, and although this was pretty good, I think I’ll stick with the other recipe.  But I’ll add some horseradish to it, that really elevated the flavor.

I needed a sauce for my Ruben sandwiches and thought this one sounded good. However, I did not have the chili sauce so I used Mr. Bing chili crisp instead. I backed it off to 1 tablespoon and I’m sure it probably changed the flavor quite a bit since it’s a pretty potent sauce. It tasted like something you would order in a fancy restaurant and say, “this is the best Ruben I’ve ever had, why doesn’t it taste like this when I make it at home?” It had layers of flavor between the chili crisp, the horseradish, and the onion. It might be a little strong for a salad, but for a dip or sauce it sure was yummy! This is a keeper but will continue to use the chili crisp.

Easy and very good. Made it as written. Perfect for Reubens.

This is the best I've ever tasted.  I made it according to recipe and added a little more horseradish.  It's excellent!!!

Very good.  Next time I will double the horseradish and cut the hot sauce down to 1T.  I don’t mind the spice, but IMO, the horseradish give a more flavorable and less painful heat.

I cut the recipe in half for Reubens.  Did not have  chili sauce, so I used ketchup with added chili powder for substitute.  Happy with the results.  Thank You for the recipe

Delicious and easy!  Made this to make a rueben sandwich using a pulled pork recipe.

This is a really good recipe. I added more horseradish and  
 Worcestershire sauce.

Stellar! and easy to prepare. Add a little fresh ginger, pour over chicken in a slowcooker for a yummy moist Moscow Chicken.

