Absolutely delicious! . If  you love mushrooms this is a great side or main dish.  I used shredded co-jack as that was what I had available. I think Swiss cheese would work well with this too. Thanks

Pretty bland.  The picture seems to show bread crumbs on top, which would have added nicely to the texture.  I left it in the oven 6 extra minutes hoping for the gouda to brown. Didn't.

Don't know what I did wrong. Perhaps assembling the day before cooking? Don't know, but it came out like mushroom soup with cheese on top.  Will not make again.

Loved it and so easy. I made it even easier by sautéing onions in butter then adding mushrooms then later added salt and pepper, removed from heat after cooking, placed in an oven safe dish, stirred in sour cream, sprinkled Swiss cheese on top then heated in the microwave enough to melt it.  Yummy!

Loved this! I added some kale because I needed to use it up but this was a great dish on a cold spring night. I always have mushrooms in my fridge so this was a nice change of what I usually do with them. I used a combo of white, baby portobello, and some random mixed mushrooms that were on sale.  Looking forward to the leftovers tomorrow. Thanks!
EDIT:  There are no leftovers.  I ate all of it.  The entire pan.  This dish is amazing - just the way it is.  If you're thinking, "This seems too simple to be this amazingly tasty" you're wrong.  It's like mushrooms and sour cream were meant to be together and who are we as mere humans to fight this partnership?  
Just do it.  Make this.

Fabulous! And so easy! I usually just sauté mushrooms with butter but this is a great change. I cut up Portabella Caps this time. You can use any cheese out there but the Gouda was a nice match. Will make again!

This is so easy and delicious, the only mistake I made was to not cook more moisture from the mushrooms before adding the sour cream.

I made this for a dinner party this evening.  Everyone loved it.  It was served as a side for 8 people, instead of the four the recipe states. I measured it,  7 cups of mushrooms is 1 pound package of sliced mushrooms.  As another review stated, I sauteed the mushrooms and onions in the same pan, to save a pan.

delicious!

Absolutely delicious! . If  you love mushrooms this is a great side or main dish.  I used shredded co-jack as that was what I had available. I think Swiss cheese would work well with this too. Thanks

