No need to precook the beets. Shred them and cook directly in the meat stock. Also, leave out the bacon to make it lower in fat. I aaded somne vegetable stock to make the stock richer in flavor.

I tried this because I have a borscht recipe that I love, but my SO doesn't like, so I hoped that a "with meat" option might appeal to him more. As a soup the flavor was ok, but it was not actually very borschty. It looks red but lacks the deep earthy back of the beet flavor that my favorite recipe has. The sheer quantity of meat in this version overwhelms the vegetables (3.5 lbs meat versus 1 carrot!). I would give this recipe 4 stars on flavor but the actual writing of the recipe is confusing and the ingredient list misleading. The list doesn't mention that you can substitute dried basil (easy to find) for the dill seed (impossible to find), nor does the recipe mention that you should serve it with sour cream until the final step. If it isn't in the ingredient list it doesn't end up in my grocery cart! The only thing I'm taking from this is the idea to add leeks and a small amount of sausage to my old borscht recipe. Maybe 1 lb of meat. 3.5 lbs of meat in something that isn't  a chili is just way too much.

Very good!

good!!!!!!!

I changed it a bit, so it isn't fair that I am rating it a 4. Without the huge amount of meat, this is easily a 5 star!

I tried this because I have a borscht recipe that I love, but my SO doesn't like, so I hoped that a "with meat" option might appeal to him more. As a soup the flavor was ok, but it was not actually very borschty. It looks red but lacks the deep earthy back of the beet flavor that my favorite recipe has. The sheer quantity of meat in this version overwhelms the vegetables (3.5 lbs meat versus 1 carrot!). I would give this recipe 4 stars on flavor but the actual writing of the recipe is confusing and the ingredient list misleading. The list doesn't mention that you can substitute dried basil (easy to find) for the dill seed (impossible to find), nor does the recipe mention that you should serve it with sour cream until the final step. If it isn't in the ingredient list it doesn't end up in my grocery cart! The only thing I'm taking from this is the idea to add leeks and a small amount of sausage to my old borscht recipe. Maybe 1 lb of meat. 3.5 lbs of meat in something that isn't  a chili is just way too much.

This was an excellent recipe...I was looking for a way to use beets (I don't like them) that my husband grew in our garden, and this was a great choice. I used pieces of stew meat instead of a pound of beef chuck (cut cooking time in half), smoked bacon, and kielbasa.The beet flavor isn't overpowering and the herbs are all well-balanced. It is extremely hearty and flavorful.

THE best borscht I've ever had! Probably better than Grandma made. Friends and family enthusiastically "beet" a path to my house to join in for my annual Borscht Feast. I round up the quantities in the recipe for the meat and veggies. Everyone raves this dish.   Great Job, Robert.

I tried this against a Borscht recipe from a Russian friend of my mother's; a family classic from eons ago. I changed a few things to my liking (more broth, less bacon and sausage).  Even mom likes this one better.  Thanks Robert!

Terrific!

My husand loved this recipe, kids didn't really like it.

