They look fantastic... Wondering if I could use the organic store bought biscuits instead of making the dough? I just don't have time for all that... Wondering if they could possibly be baked instead too... Anyone?

Taste excellent

I now form the buns on the counter top and not in my hand. It is much easier.Holy cow moly these were good, and surprisingly easy.  The first bite is amazing. The dough is so pillowy tender, with a crispt exterior.  I mixed the dough by hand which was a workout. I made my meat filling thicker and juicier than Chef John's and it looked like it was easier to work with than the filling in the video.  I also made some with italian sausage filling, caramelized banana filling, cherry filling, and a cinnamon sugar coating which was basically a sugar donut.  I liked the meat ones the best. Next time I want to try filling with sweet Chinese pork bao filling.

Will be making these again! Also plan to try different fillings such as a sweet whipped meringue cream.

Here is a picture of them open.

I made these and while they were quite good, they didn’t quite have that savory, umami taste I loved from the ones from our local Russian deli.  I added a tablespoon of tomato paste and it was almost there so I added a 1/8 cup of diced shiitake mushrooms and that was IT.  That savory, wiggle while you say mmm,mmm,mmmm, delight of warm and filling, peasant, comfort food.

These turned out great! Super savory, and the added dill is a great touch. Dough was wonderful too. Just the right amount of sweetness.

My grandparents lived in San Francisco down the street from a shop that made the best pirozhkis.  I was looking for a recipe that reminded me of that special treat I remembered. The dough from this recipe was spot on!  I  haven't tried the meat filling in this recipe yet because I was craving the ground beef, onion, hard boiled egg filling I remembered. I can't wait to try this version of the filling next. It was the first time my family had tasted these and my kids already asked if I can make them again!

Not hard to make, just takes a few extra steps but the end result is definitely worth the effort.  Next time I make it I would cut back the ground beef by a half pound.  Otherwise the flavor is really good.

Thank you so much for this recipe.  I lived in San Francisco in my 20s and later in my 40s.  But in my 20s, I would often go to the local corner store, which SF has so many cute little corner stores, owned by some ethnic group or other.  Chicago has nothing like that.  And when I would go to the local corner store, I would buy one of their beef stuffed pirozhki. It was like heaven eating them.  Also I was a bike messenger in Chicago for a summer and tried it in SF, but lasted only a few weeks.  The hills were too much for me in SF. Anyway I made the recipe.  It was super easy, and came out perfect, exactly as I remember them in SF.  I had been thinking of making a puff pastry for the same purpose (vegetarian), but this is probably better than a puff pastry and 100X easier.  Also I try making Indian style stuffed pastries, but making the stuffing can be so complicated with all the spices required.  So thanks a million. Ann

