I didn't fry these, but baked them at 400 for 17-18 minutes.  I think I made them bigger than recipe stated, but they were very filling and the kids seemed to like them.  Only negative comment was that it was a little "plain", even with cheese added to it.  I LOVED them. Thank you.

I have noticed that many people have complained about the dryness of the meat. Im russian and I have made countless piroshkis in my lifetime and would have to say this recipe is almost spot (for the dough that is). I wouldn't cook the ground beef and actually I would use half ground pork half ground beef and add about 1/4 cup of water to the meat mixture, the more onions and garlic and other seasonings you add the tastier it will be so don't skimp on that and please please don't use dried ingredients that takes away the authenticity of this awesome dish. There is absolutely no reason to cook the meat before you fry or bake them.

My go to recipe. I absolutely love this dough and the filling is delicious (though I play around with the filling and try different combos, too). A keeper, I've been making for over 10 years...

The recipe was so easy to follow.  I added spinach and a little cheese. I will definitely make this again.

I tweaked the dough a bit added baking powder, one more egg, 2tsp sour cream. The dough is soft and tender .
For filling I used ground beef, caramelized onions and cabbage, shredded mozzarella cheese and dill. Delish??

I made it using puff pastry, and it was Wonderfull.  I added the dill weed after taking the meat mixture off the heat to retain as much of the dill flavour as possible.  I did not fry them but instead baked them in my convection oven at 375F for 18-22 minutes with an egg wash for colour.   Great recipe, thank you.

Wonderful recipe! I miss going to Piroshki Piroshki on Capital hill in Seattle. I use to grab one  of different fillings on my way to school in the morning. These are my comfort food, love the sweet egg flavor of the dough. I added extra flavor in my meat and some mashers and cheese. Going to make this my New Year day tradition.

So tasty!

I loved using this recipe. I have also decided to bake mine instead of frying it. In my opinion it turned out better and did not break apart as easily. It is also easy to alter what is inside of the piroshki’s. I have added cheese and green chili to the original recipe and it still turned out great.

It took some time, but my family thought it was worth it. I even stuffed some with cream cheese and strawberry jam. Yum!

I followed the recipe for the dough to the dot and it was amazing. I replaced the meat filling with potato filling. I’ve tried a lot of perashki (home made and store bought)  and  I must say this dough recipe is a really good one and original. I made it for the first time and it was easy.

