I just made this... it was simple and delicious! However, I don't really recommend eating it while it's warm as the cake flavor is almost overpowering while still hot out of the oven. And don't skimp on the apples or the topping even though they may seem like a lot--the balance is perfect!  I also uploaded a photo of mine--hopefully it will display soon! :)

Apples never got super soft, but didn't want to keep baking, otherwise, cake would have been overdone.

Ok sorry for harsh review - but i made this recipe several times over few years and keep forgetting to make a note for myself that 25 min is totally not enough for baking this cake. Apples are still fresh by then -  Its more like 50 min! Adjust your recipe please!Also its best cooked ahead a day before. It tastes better when all flavours melt into sach other

verry dlicious

Absolutely delicious! I had to bake it a little longer, but otherwise followed the recipe. I used a square pan, as said in the recipe. My entire family loved it, even my father, who is a harsh judge, rated it a 9.5/10. We all thought it was high quality and homey/comfort food and served it with a little bit of cream. We will definitely be making this again!

This recipe is IDENTICAL (except for the streusel topping) to the recipe found in the classic Traditional Ukrainian Cookery by Savella Stechinsin. The original recipe does not use brown sugar or flour in the topping.  This was delicious, nevertheless.

Great recipe! Very easy to make, though my daughter got a little fussy with organizing the apples. I'm glad I took the advice to let it sit out for a day, it was MUCH better after having time to sit.

Only change was to use condensed milk instead of cream. Everyone loved it! I would add a photo, but it would be an empty dish...

The only difference was I used canned evaporated milk since I didn't have regular milk on hand.

I absolutely love this cake!! It's soooo good! The flavor and texture are perfect! I lined my 8x8 pan with enough parchment to have overhang on all sides, and that made for easy removal from the pan--alongside easy cleanup. I baked this at 350 for 35 minutes, and I should have probably gone another 5-7 minutes--as the middle was a touch doughy still (my fault, not the recipe's). Oh, and pressing the dough into the pan can be a bit tricky--but if you lightly oil your hands, it makes it a total snap to press in evenly. Really really great cake! Thanks so much for sharing!

These were super good and I made with both peaches and apples. I actually made them in little muffin tins, so they were bite sized and they held up well (baked for 11min instead) all in all super good!

