I've never had borscht before, so I don't know how authentic this recipe is.  I just made this to use up  some beets--which, frankly, I don't even like much.  This recipe, though, is INCREDIBLY DELICIOUS (and really, the most remarkable shade of purple/magenta when you use red cabbage...can't beat that)!  I even used extra beets (2 large & 3 small), then chopped them up and left them in, as people recommended (I figured it was too much work to puree or shred the beets)...and I psychotically love this soup.  I think I could eat it every day.  The dollop of sour cream was a great touch, too.  I just had the last bowl...sniff...I think I need to get more beets and make this again.  I'll try with much less butter next time, though...that was kind of an alarming amount for a vegetable soup.

This recipe was a good starting point, but I had to make several major adjustments to achieve something that was suitably "borscht-like" for my tastes.  I used two beets rather than one (and next time, I'd use three) and I did not discard them after boiling.  I chopped one beet into small dice and pureed the other.  I added both right before service.  Without the addition of the puree, the soup would have been bright orange rather than the deep ruby color I expect from borscht.  

Other changes I made:  Added a tablespoon of dried dill toward the end of cooking, omitted about half of the butter and all of the celery (is "half a stalk" reallly going to add any flavor or texture?), didn't reserve the 1/2 c of tomato sauce (this step seemed unnecessary since everything gets mixed together anyway), and I used only about half of the cabbage called for and still found it to be a very cabbage-y soup (3 cups would have been serious overkill).  Be sure to taste the soup before serving.  I found that it needed quite a bit more salt and pepper than called for.  

Garnished with sour cream, of course.

I will make borscht again, but not according to this recipe.

This was a terribly complicated recipe that was orange in colour and tasted like potatoe soup.  I am currently working to save the soup because I hate to throw out my valuable ingredients and waste my time.

Growing up Polish and eating Borscht, I can tell you this is pretty close to authentic.  We use to eat this during the cold winters to warm us up.  I made this recipe almost exactly as written - only I used 3 beets, 5 small potatoes, 3 parsnips, and of course added  sauté onions, carrots, celery, green cabbage, and fresh parsley. Serve it with a dollop of sour cream and  a lemon wedge. It is delicious! Reminds me of my childhood.

I had to rate again, because I didn’t get to add all my thoughts.       1) I use way more beets, usually 5-6 medium to large beets. I usually cut them smaller than quarters, and I enjoy the flat and texture, so I leave them in. 2) You can control how thick your base is, depending on how many potatoes you pull out to mash. Mashing some of the potato in the butter from the sautéed onions and tomatoes thickens the base, so change how much potato you use to your liking. 3) Some call it heresy, but I just tried for the first time adding in a stew beef. I seared it first, had to look up how to even do that, but then put it in and let it boil the same amount of time as the beets. Added a distinct and delicious twist to the dish.

I used vegetable broth instead of water and replaced the tomatoes with canned stewed tomatoes containing celery and green pepper.  The family loved it.

I used Napa cabbage, celeraic, red bell peppers 2 small fresh tomatoes and veggie stock.  I kept the beet and pureed it all together.  I though borscht was 'just beets'!  This recipe is great - all the flavors are fabulous together, thank you!

This recipe is a little tricky because of all the preparations steps, but is hard to really mess up. I added a large clove of garlic, which improved the soup's mild taste, and served it with sourdough bread. The sourdough was a great addition, as was a whole branch of fresh dill. The bright pink color was hard to get over at first, but my dad loved it and even my picky 8-year old sister ate it. Even though none of us had tried beets before, this soup was surprisingly tasty.

This was incredibly tasty and worked well as leftovers. However, I peeled the beets (I used several small beets) before adding, and when I removed them, I pureed them and added them back in. A bit of sour cream on the top when served made it just right.

I followed this recipe to the letter, at least as far as I could, but maybe the post office was closed. There are several problems here: First, the ingredients list dill, yet there is no mention in the preparation how or when to use this. I just added it to the boiling broth. Second, it does not indicate how long the potatoes should boil on high. I left it until the step to remove potatoes. By then there was very little liquid left and the final result was a light pink "soup" with the consistency of creamy mashed potatoes. I had to add 2 cups of water just to make it a thick soup and it had no resemblance to borscht from the photos I've seen. The bright side is that it tasted good, but it just tasted like many potato soups. I was looking for something completely different. I have since located a classic borscht recipe on another website by an actual Russian woman that looks really good. It is far different and has meat in it.

I am  from Russia, and we do not put celery into borsht; it absolutely has to be made in beef or pork bouillon, so that veggies be cooked in it. Start with potatoes, add cabbage and onions with carrots, nothing fried before, finally add precooked and shredded beet with tomatoes, bay leaf and dill is the key; want it sour? use sauerkraut. Enjoy!

