Wonderful! I followed the recipe exactly, except I did not have citric acid powder so I substituted the juice of 1/2 a lemon. They were flavorful, tender, and disappeared faster then you could say breakfast.

It was bland and tasted doughy. The quantity was also gargantuan so if you do make it, consider cutting the recipe in half.

Really good, but makes A LOT of food, so cut down recipe for smaller batches

Excellent. Used sour cream and strawberry preserves for a Shrove Tuesday dinner at our church. These were a big hit!

Thank you to share this recipe, I made it for NYE, t was very easy and I had some sour cream+salmon+ chives on top. Yummy ??

It came out great!  I didn't have baking soda so I used baking powder instead,  and I didn't use the citric acid. I also added 8x the sugar to give it that sweet taste.

Easy to make, I'm a beginner and these turned out great on my first try.
I made everything 2/5 of the quantities here (e.g. 2 eggs), and didn't put the citric acid. Got about 12 blinis.

Amazing!! I subbed the citric acid for lemon juice and they turned out great! Definitely my new favourite recipie for pancakes, especially because they're super easy to make!

Great recipe. Yields 40 pancakes.

This recipe is great! Better and easier than crepes. I have been using it for a year and a half now, but a few months ago I just simplified it after seeing other recipes on the internet. Now I just use 1c flour, 1/2 T sugar, pinch salt for dry, and 1 egg, 1T oil, and 1 1/4c milk for wet. The results are identical ! They are also almost the same with water, if out of milk (which is not weird; bread can have either). Mixing is also easier by adding half of the milk to the whisked egg & oil, then all of the dry, mix until smooth paste, then slowly add rest of liquid, to avoid clumps. Rest about 10-20mins. I use my 8in cast iron, brushed  with oil between each, and with 1/3c portions, this makes about 7 blini.

Wonderful.... With blueberry jam, honey, cheese, egg & cheese , maple syrup.......

