Love it! I wouldn't call it a salad though, it's a spread. I suggest gouda instead of mozzarella, that's how it's made in Russia.

try gouda instead - this is what we originally put in there:gives more taste to it.

My Russian exchange student taught me to make this.  She made it with 3 hard boiled eggs shredded into it.  Mozzarella cheese was the closest thing we could find to the cheese that she used at home.  Glad someone mentioned Gouda cheese.  Will use that the next time I make it.  Love it.  It is very addicting!

I didn't find the "tang" the submitter mentions in the tagline; all I really got was garlic.  The raw garlic is intense, and I'm a garlic fan.  The mozzarella was mild and didn't bring a lot to the flavor profile.  I liked it, but I probably wouldn't make it again.  I did, however, use the leftovers in a breakfast casserole and it was a wonderful addition to that.  THANKS for the recipe!

I made this for my recipe club and served on slices of French bread + a roma tomato slice as recommended by another reviewer.  I liked the flavor, but found the texture too crumbly.  It wasn't easy to keep on the little bread slices, and seemed 'dry'.  I'll try again with more mayonnaise, and try serving at room temperature instead of chilled.

Made this exactly as posted.  Everyone loved it!  Served it on sour dough baguette slices. We have a Russian exchange student staying with us and she said that her mom makes it the same way, but sometimes adds pieces of chicken and serves on crusty bread.

Quite authentic, though, as mentioned above, it is usually made with sharper & harder cheeses. Sometimes a little shredded carrot is added (about 1/3 cup). Makes it more colorful and adds a nice crunch.

I agree with the other viewer to add garlic powder because the intensity of the minced uncooked garlic was a bit much.  Everyone thought it was great and couldn't believe it was made with so few ingredients.

I made this the night before serving and it gave time for the flavors to blend.  It was a really flavorful and wonderful part of our dinner, served on rye bread with other assorted meats and cheeses.

I have lived in Russia for almost 13 yrs now- and this is one of my favorites!   One change is needed - Gouda cheese! This is perfect as spread on bread - with soup!

mom used to make this all the time. i love it.

