Interesting flavor to this salad.  The next time I make it I'm going to mix the lemon juice, olive oil and sour cream together before adding to the lettuce mixture.  My husband doesn't care for sour cream and wondered what the "white stuff" was.  I told him it was yogurt!  I think mixing the 3 ingredients together first will help tame the sour cream.  I really enjoyed this.  Thanks Gianna for sharing.

I loved this salad.

I cut the salt completely, and allowed guests to "salt-to-taste".   I also Put the dressing in a bowl, so  the guests could spoon over the dressing.  Which eliminates lettuce wilting. Everyone loved the salad:-)
A bit too much parsley for my taste.  Next time I will  half the parsley:-). I will definitely make this salad again! Thanks for sharing Gianna!

This was a great salad. I served it for Christmas dinner and my brothers LOVED it. Next time, I will take care not to dress the salad to long before it is served because it went a little limp.

Delicious! Very fresh and tasty side dish to bbq'd chicken.  Love this salad, adding to my regular side salad files.

This looks good and I plan to try it.  However, it seems that one ingredient (which I see so often in Russian vegetables and salads) is missing.  What is it?  The radish, of course.  I love red radishes and it seems that adding it to this salad would make it feel even more Russian.  Just a suggestion.

This was super easy to make and everyone loved the flavor of the dressing.  I mixed the sour cream with the lemon juice and olive oil and chilled it until ready to serve.  I then tossed it with the salad immediately before serving and it created a very smooth dressing.  I was concerned it would be too "lemony" tasting but once it mixed in with all the salad ingredients it was just right.

I made this as part of a Russian themed dinner.  Very good side to a hearty entree.  I reduced the onion, salt and sour cream quite a bit.  It was very good.

Good reviews from the foodies at Easter dinner.  Next time, I'll cut the salt in half.

Cut the salt and sour cream as it was too much for my salad. Still seemed too salty. And the lettuce went limp. The salt sucked out the moisture.

