I thought I had a great swedish meatball recipe but it has been replaced by this one.  It is easy and delicious!! I cut the amount of dill to 1/3 using dried dill.

I think 3 tablespoons of dill is too much....I will cut it down next time I make.

so good!

The whole family loved this recipe. Thank you.  :)

delicious recipe but I had to double the gravy ingredients.  it wasn't enough for us.  also it made 50 1 inch meatballs and not 36.

I used Publix premade meatballs and baked those (18 minutes was enough time). I used 1 tbsp of dried dill for the sauce and it was still a lot of dill. The ligonberry jam REALLY made this tasty. I think if it wasn't for the ligonberries, this sauce by itself would've been just 3 stars.

We didn’t like this. Too much dill flavor.

Made as written and it was just ok to us flavor wise. I'd cut back on the dill if I were to try this again. Felt like something was missing in the overall flavor of the dish. While the texture of the meatballs was good, we thought they were on the bland side. I didn't have that lovely jam to serve with the dish though so maybe that was the missing component.

very good, a little labor and time intensive, I may cut some corners next timel I don't see why the sauce had to cook for so long

I used to make this recipe when I was a teenager and thought it was the best thing I had ever tasted! I’m a little bit older now and when I saw this I thought I hit the jackpot! I made it tonight for my mom and stepdad. It still was wonderful but it didn’t measure up to my childhood memory I’m sad to say. I would still make it again but not here. I had ankle surgery on May 1st so I’m having to stay with them for 8 weeks. I’ll be happy to get home and make it without so many cooks in the kitchen. Lol!

Whenever I make Swedish meatballs, I always use ground turkey instead of beef. I like the lighter flavor with the cream sauce.  I didn’t have celery, fresh parsley, or fresh dill on hand. I dis without the celery and used dried parsley and dill paste. The meatballs seemed so wet before cooking, but they baked perfectly and were melt in your mouth moist. 
The sauce was so delicious. I only had salted butter and it turned out fine. The family absolutely loved it and I will 100% make this again! I can’t wait to make it again with fresh herbs and celery next time. I served it over wide butter egg noodles with a side of petite peas. I think I would even venture to put the peas directly in the sauce next time.

