Yowza is right Kari! These were incredible to say the least. I don't normally eat red meat merely because I don't really care for it, however, there's always an exception to every rule and this was it! I've spent many years looking for the perfect S.M. recipe and my search has finally ended. I did make a couple of changes to suit out tastes. To the meat mixture I added more seasonings; garlic and onion powders, etc. After the meatballs were cooked in the oven, I took them out of the casserole dish and placed them on a separate plate. I added beef broth (not water) to the casserole dish and cooked on a low flame in order to loosen the browned bits from the bottom. I then used that to make the sauce. No matter what any recipe calls for, I always double the amount of liquid. In this case I added two cans of low salt cream of mushroom soup. Again Kari, I'm totally impressed with your wonderful recipe and so were my hubby and kids. Thanks!

SAUCE REVIEW.  This review is for the sauce only.  I live in Sweden and needed a fast sauce to make with the meatballs that I had just made.  I thought that I had a sauce pre-made, only to find out that I was wrong.  Sheesh.... Anyway, I made this sauce, which looked strange to me, but, I was desperate.  Well, I ended up making mashed potatoes and having the meatballs with slices of cucumber instead.  A Swedish meat sauce should be brown like gravy, not creamy and definetly not like this one.  And just another comment, the IKEA sauce for the swedish meatballs is actually very close to the made from scratch sauce.

I followed recipe to the tee, but doubled. Way too salty!  Will try again!

As written, the sauce made the whole dish unpalatable from excessive salt. My changes include making a panade of the breadcrumbs and milk before adding to the meat. After soaking the crumbs for 3-5 minutes, massage panade thoroughly into the meat before adding other meatball ingredients, cutting the salt 1 teaspoon. Use butter instead of oil for the sauce. Add 2 beef bouillon cubes dissolved in the boiling water. This provides both flavor enhancement and more than adequate salt for the entire sauce. These a lterations  to the recipe would give the rating score 5-stars.

Made as per recipe. Very bland. Will not make again.

The meatballs were delicious, but the sauce was so salty that it was inedible.  I added about 4 times the sour cream called for plus some half and half and it was palatable, barely.  I wonder if there is a typo in the sauce recipe which calls for 1T. salt.  If I make this again I’d use 1/2 to 1 t. salt and adjust if needed.

This is disgusting!  There is no flavor.  That is saying a lot because I have a very Scandinavian pallet.  This tastes like straight up flour.  I even added a can of cream of mushroom soup and I still cannot eat it.

To salty but it was good

Was very good. Nice full rich flavor,  sauce nice and thick. Had over Angel Hair spaghetti. Like to taste the meat and sauce and a little pasta.

Yummy! I made these once already and making them again tonight.  I only use ground beef, for personal prefrence (sorry), but they still came out delish!  Served over rice, with fresh steamed carrots (buttered) as veg.  I wish I had peas, but I make them almost everyday, so we were out, lol.  This is a keeper recipe.  As to the people complaining about the salt content...You know your family, and cooking style.  Reduce the salt..I actually generally omit it, because most people reach for the salt shaker before even tasting.  I didnt put salt in at all, but sprinkled a light shake on after tasting.  It was perfect.

I'm sorry to say this but, the sauce wasn't good in my opinion I added a can of cream of chicken soup and a can of mushroom soup a little red pepper and a cup of sour cream. Much tastier. The other way was very bland. The meatballs were pretty good though I will make them again but only for this

