Wonderful!  These were not only amazing to eat, but they also smelled terrific.  I doubled the almond extract (I LOVE the smell/taste of almonds...so if you're a big almond fan, I recommend this) and ended up adding an extra egg because my dough wasn't moist enough.  This gave the cookies an even lighter consistancy and REALLY made them melt in your mouth.  I will be making these again soon...thanks for the recipie!

I'm afraid I'm going to be the odd ball here but I found these to be a bit boring even after glazing them.  Plus you have to eat them the first day or so because the get stale VERY FAST!  Wouldn't bother with them again.  Sorry

I was pleasantly surprised by this recipe! By some of the other reviewers' pictures, I was expecting a biscotti-like texture. But that was not the case at all! These came out very soft, much more like a cross between cookie and cake. I love the almond flavor. The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because I have a favorite almond cookie recipe that is ever so slightly better. But this is a top one for sure! Would recommend.

I made the recipe exactly as written except I did double the extract as many suggested and they came out delicious.  I made the frosting but didn't use it because they were great without! Someone mentioned the dough being dry and they thought the 2 tablespoons of milk was meant for the dough but its not. If you use a room temp egg and softened butter, the dough comes together just like any sugar cookie dough. I will be making these again!

Used butter and milk substitutes, and they turned out really well. Big hit with the guests.  Don't know why the photo in the recipe shows them so browned.  They are great as they come out of the oven pale.

I have made this for so many functions and they are always a hit. I followed the advice of others and doubled the almond extract in both the dough and the icing.

We loved this recipe once we caught the mistake in Step 2 of the directions. There’s no mention of the 2 Tablespoons of milk that go into the dough. Too dry without and if added after attempting to mix the dry into the wet the final product will be a bit over mixed. Also, doesn’t hurt to double almond extract.

It’s an odd recipe. The dough is very sticky, yet needs to be rolled.  The only way I could figure out how to do this was to chill the dough first. I made this recipe twice. The first time the cookie rolls spread way more than I expected. The second time I made 2 narrower rolls and it still spread way more than I thought it would. They end up flat. I left them in the oven almost 18 minutes and neither time did they really get browned. They have a nice chew, they taste good. They need more almond extract and more almonds than the recipe calls for. Also they are already soft so I topped with cinnamon and sugar (and the almonds) rather than adding the wet icing. They are yummy.

Wow very good. Used advise about the additional egg and the parchment paper

Didn't make any changes.  I had problems rolling it out... but it turned out ok anyway.  Mine doesn't look as good as picture.  It's extremely sweet....
It's good, but too sweet.  Don't know if I'll make it again.

fairly easy, good

