This is the real deal. It is important to make sure the potatoes are cold before adding the flour and other ingredients and be sure to keep the uncooked lefsa cold before rolling out. I also use bread flour - the lefse turns out much more tender. Lefse can also be frozen too.

Um, you need at least 2 more cups of flour for this recipe. My dough turned out wetter than cookies dough. Stuck to my fingers like mad. Tasted good...once I added 2 more cups of flour.

This recipe did not work for me. Way too wet. Had to add a other 3 or 4 cups of flour,  I lost count.  Would not use this recipe again

Such a great recipe! Glad I read the reviews first so I knew to use 5lbs of potatoes instead of 10. Didn't have a potato ricer, but mashing them through a colander did the trick.

The dough was too sticky to roll in balls even after 6 additional cups of flour. I DO NOT recommend using this recipe.

This recipe was too wet.  I usually use my moms recipe but i couldn't find it, so I thought Iwould try a new one.  I even added some extra flour to the batch, and when rolling, and still too wet.  It tasted okay, but not great.  I would not reccomend this recipe, and definitely not reccomend for someone who is trying it for the first time.

My grandma made & sold lefse for many years in her small western Minnesota town. My mom & I have made it, but this was my first solo venture. It really is the real thing!! Recipe proportions are pretty forgiving, just be sure not to over mix and to keep dough WELL chilled so rolling cloth doesn’t get oily & sticky. I found one 5lb bag of potatoes makes about 15 cups riced. My grandma even used to use leftover mashed potatoes or would throw in some instant (!) to supplement the amount she had. Roll very thin!

Very tender and easy. I have made lefse before and thought I would try a new recipe, just out of curiosity. It is very tender, make it a little bit thicker than normal and chill well. Good luck!

Tusen Takk! We're Norwegian from both sides and these were wonderful. Made with leftover mashed potatoes from Thanksgiving. Will make again!

These were very tender lefse and I will use this recipe again .  My family loved them better than my old recipe which used a lot more flour.

This is the best lefse recipe!!!

