I agree, add cardamon seed 1T. This is the greatest drink in the world on a cold, snowy night! The house will smell AMAZING!!!!! Put away the air freshener, put on a great holiday movie and snuggle into a big easy chair with your fluffiest jammies, slippers and blanket when you have a huge, warm cup of this stuff! Did I paint enough of a tempting pic for you? Good, now go make some, and tell the kids to eat the cookies you baked and stop bothering you for a glass of what you're having :-D LOL

Very good glogg recipe. I make this every winter and keep it in the fridge so I can warm up a cup whenever I want. I wait until after heating my cup to add the brandy or rum. It is awesome with apple brandy!

Potent and delicious! I omitted the raisins.

Instead of sliced orange peel, used orange zest and skimmed it off before serving. Tastes just like the Glügg served to me in Copenhagen last year! Excellent!

Very good and much easier than the other recipes I found. I used a Zinfandel v a lighter wine.

Made it for my annual St Lucia party (my mom used to make it but she has pased away and I couldn't read her mom's recipe because it's in Swedish)... and it was a big hit, even with my Swedish relatives. Followed i mostly to the letter, though threw in a few more cloves, and actually used two-buck chuck merlot along with a decent bottle of port. This will be my annual recipe for glogg from now on - thank you!

I made this last year at Thanksgiving and a few years ago at Christmas. pretty much the same except for I used a half a cup of brown sugar and 1/2 cup of white sugar and I use about a cup of Brandy ??. it came out great!

5

Yum.  Made with a sweet/dry wine so left out port.  Added the Cardamon as suggested.  Made the rest of the recipe as is.  Oh so good.  Just the thing during a snow storm to warm us up.

This is a delicious recipe as is.  I actually prefer to use red table wine in place of the port because port + all of that sugar is just too sweet for me.  In fact, I typically use red table wine and only 1/4 cup of sugar.  I also prefer not to add the brandy.  It is SUPER strong with just the wine and the rum.  Depending on who I serve it to, I would leave the rum as is for those who like stronger drinks, but when my parents come over, I reduce the rum a bit.  The smell of this drink is amazing.  It's perfect for Christmas evening!!!

