This is a very yummy dessert, I've been making it for many years. I did change one thing, to save half the fat...skip the bottom layer. It doesn't really add any flavor, and the top layer is what's really the best part. Here's a tip on spreading that top layer out...use a wet spoon, it really makes the job easier.

I like that the ingrediants came together without a special trip to the grocery store. I was a bit dissapponted in the final product. For begining bakers this comes out very well but the end product was not a show stopper here. I baked for only 50 minutes and probably could have pulled it out after 45. I garnished with chopped almonds instead of candy pieces. The flavor was more of a two for me with the second layer of dough tasting too much like egg but the ease of assemble and ingrediant list bumped this to a 3 star. Would i make it again? Perhaps in a pinch but I would probably jazz it up by rolling dough out as 8 seperate balls, flattening, topping with the second layer and then adding sweetened creamcheese or presevers for a filling and lightly striping with icing and sliced almonds

I have been making this recipe for years but somehow I lost my recipe page so I found it very easy on this site and I’m very happy that I can make it once again it is delicious and very quick and easy to make. And usually have everything in your cupboard, so if friends pop by, you could make a pastry before they get there

Very easy to make.  Didn’t take very long.  I think it would be good with chocolate ganache too!

The top layer was a hot mess.  I’ve made a similar recipe in the past, and the top layer is really more like a choux paste than anything else.  In this version, 1 cup of water  with 1/2 cup butter and 1 cup flour and 3 eggs makes a liquid mess that doesn’t hold together well enough to “spread” on anything.  Either the proportions are off, or instructions aren’t clear.

I have been making this for years and love it. This time I cut the recipe in half as we don't need all of this around to tempt us. As it is best warm. Love that I don't have to look in my recipe book to get this again. Thank you Allrecipes for having everything I am looking for.

I’ve been making these Danish puffs for 30 years and I LOVE them but suddenly they’re flopping and I don’t know why!  This was my signature dessert that I brought everywhere. I still follow this recipe in exactly the same way but pastry doesn’t rise.

Help!  Enjoyed this at a church social and the baker had included this exact recipe.  I made the water, eggs, flour and almond extract as written in the order described and it  was pure  liquid.  There was no chance at “spreading” it onto the pastry strips.  I poured the whole thing onto the strips, thinking maybe some of it would puff up enough on top of the pastry, and I would be able to get the glaze on it. What a disaster.

I also have been making this recipe for probably 35 years. I love it "just the way it is". Someone said "skip the bottom" and someone else said "the top tastes too much like egg". Ignore those comments and make it exactly as written. Both the bottom and top are great and they compliment each other masterfully. I do always put the slivered almonds on top.

Can't believe I made something like this!  It looks intimidating, but is really very easy to make.   Don't know why I waited so long to make it.  I would recommend making 4 --  6 x 3 inch pieces to ensure even baking.  Mine looked over done after 45 min. so I took it out of the oven.  The ends were baked perfect, but the middle was dense, doughy, and did not puff.   Other than that, this is amazing!   Will definitely make again.

I LOVE THIS RECIPE AND SO EASY .  REQUIRES NO SUGAR EXCEPT FOR THE GLAZE.  I HAVE EXPERIMENTED WITH THE TOPPINGS BECAUSE I LOVE CINNAMON AND THIS IS EASIER TO MAKE THAN CINNAMON ROLLS.  RIGHT BEFORE I PUT IT IN THE OVEN I SPRINKLE SUGAR AND LOTS OF CINNAMON ON TOP OF ONE AND THEN FINISH JUST LIKE THE RECIPE.  I HAVE ALSO PUT A LITTLE JAM OR JELLY ON TOP OF ONE AFTER TAKING OUT OF THE OVEN AND THEN GLAZED.  YUM!!!

