I'm glad that credit was given to the Swedes for the recipe.  It seems like all my Swedish relatives think that a recipe should have lots of cream and butter to make it delicious.  Maybe not so great for your arteries, but once in a while, who cares? I remember my Mor Mor making similar cookies for her Christmas Eve smorgasboard.  The only thing I would suggest is keeping the cookies chilled until right before serving.  They are still wonderful, but don't crumble as much as when they are at room temperature.  If you are worried about using a raw egg, you can get pasturized eggs at the supermarket, or if you are still worried, leave that ingredient out.  These cookies also freeze very well, so you can make them well in advance of when they will be eaten.  So delicious!

The cookie seems a little bit too sweet. It a also takes a lot of time to bake it. Overall, it is a pretty good cookie.

For those who have said the icing is runny I use a different recipe here it is:  1/4 C soft butter, 3/4 C powdered sugar, 1 tsp vanilla cream together. No raw egg issue and not too wet.

I make these cookies every Christmas as my family loves them.  I follow this recipe exactly except I omit the egg yolk in the frosting.  They just melt in your mouyh😋😋

EVERYONE loves these cookies! I leave the egg yolk out of the frosting just because I’m not comfortable with raw egg yolk.

A bit of work to make but worth it.  My only complant is the cookie a little wet so it doesn't keep well.  You must use it a few days of making it.

LOVE these cookies!  So light and flaky and not too sweet.  I will definitely make again.

These are just like the ones my Swedish Mor-Mor made every Christmas. They can be stored for weeks in the fridge or freezer.

best cookies ever!!!!

I tried to create a perfect batch of cookies so I thought that if I downloaded a cooking app it would have people who know how to cook or write recipes ??well that was wrong because the recipe was followed exactly and the cookie were measured to the perfect inch all because this was for a wedding. What goes wrong well the cookies are not even and the filling was watering after the cookies had cooled off for 3 minutes ??do not follow this recipe

I recall eating these as a child, but I haven't eaten one in probably 20 years.  Thanks to the internet, one can find just about anything. These taste just the way I remember--very delicate and different from a traditional roll-out sugar cookie.  I look forward to bringing them to Christmas parties this season as I haven't seen any around in a long time in my area.

