To the skeptics--no need for extra flour, it is really supposed to be that thin!  I grew up eating Swedish Pancakes and this recipe is very good.  I think the recipe my great-grandmother brought from Sweden was something like: a bunch of eggs, then flour until it's thick, then milk until it's thin.  Not being the greatest cook, I need a more detailed recipe to follow.  This one definitely works.  
A helpful hint I learned from watching my mother make them: use a medium sized frying pan, when it's hot, hold it in your hand, pour a small amount of batter into the middle of the pan then use your wrist to turn the pan and swirl the batter around to make an even layer in the pan.  You don't need to use much batter--these pancakes are supposed to be very thin.

Don't really know why I tried this recipe since I am born and raised in sweden and should know my "pannkakor" but I did and it's not quite right. I really like my recipe better wich is basically changing the flour to 1 cup and take away an egg or two depending on size. I also usually substitute 1/3 of the flour to whole wheat flour. We also usually eat our pancakes with strawberry jam or other kind of jam. I make them in a 10 inch pan with low edges with a long spatula I bought at IKEA. Just use your wrist to turn the pan to spread the batter out. If it gets stuck just use som butter on the pan. This recipe can also be used as an oven pancake if you add some fried bacon pieces in an 9x13 bakingpan and bake in the oven at 450 for 25-30 min and serve with lingonberries.

Swedish pancake is Not Crepe the result is similar but the texture is different and the taste is different Swedish is thicker  and more flavorful.

I agree with  the poster who commented she didn't realize exactly what Swedish pancakes were!Way way too thin!This is a free form crepe really.Not what I'd hoped for.

“Way too thin”, obviously not clear what Swedish pancake are, think crepe.

I tried this recipe to cut back on the flour but I didn’t like it as well as the one I grew up on… my grandmother is 100% Swedish… that recipe is. : 3, 2, 1   3 eggs, 2 cups of milk , 1 cup of flour…2 table spoons of melted butter, 1 table spoon of sugar and 1 tsp of salt…Whisk eggs, add milk, whisk… measure flour in separate bowl, add sugar and salt and mix well… Add dry ingredients to wet… whisk together…Add melted butter and whisk again….Cook as directed above… these hold together better… as for cutting the pancakes? NO!I have gotten so proficient at cooking them I can have three or four pans going at once… I just let them stack up on a plate… delicious with lingonberries… and powdered sugar…And non traditional… a syrup made with 2 cups sugar 1 cup boiling water stir stir stir! And add a tsp on 2 of maple flavoring… syrup will be hot and thin… but delicious… roll pancakes and butter and pour hot syrup over roll! YUM!

Nice crepe recipe.

I also have lived in Rockford, Illinois my whole life and the Stockholm Inn has remained a favorite restaurant for 50 years. In high school there used to be contests with the guys on who could eat the most Swedish pancakes-21 was the record!

Would not recommend this recipe!!!! Batter was way too thin and couldn’t even manage to get it off the pan. The rations just weren’t accurate.

I made the recipe exactly as written and found it made was good and light.  I used a small teflon pan to make the perfect size pancakes for us, topped with blueberries and whipped cream.

I make this recipe everytime my kids or grandkids come.  I grew up eating these, we called them flapjacks.  We are german, all I know is that they are the best and my kids love them. Some of my grandkids call them crepes, but I will always call them flapjacks as my parents and grandparents did.

