We call it 'FreskaKrub.' Make a dent to put in diced salt pork & heavily pepper before sealing it. Boil for 1 hour (about the size of a baseball) Serve with butter. Make the dumplings with WET HANDS..rinse after each one! Wonderful fried in butter the next day.
Someone said 'remove the salt pork'??? Sacrilege!!

I've just set down to wait for my 'Freskies' to finish cooking. I thought I'd add a few notes to this review. For those of you who didn't have a mom or grandma to tell you a few secrets about cooking this wonderful dish:
Do this next to the sink, where you can have a slow stream of water to rinse your hands well. Your hands need to be really wet to avoid sticky messes. Work Quickly.

After every 2 or so dumplings are added to the pot, use a wide spatula to keep the dumplings from sticking to the pan. Soon they will float, but 'til then, keep using the spatula. 

Have a butter knife nearby when mixing the dough. You'll need it to scrape away the thick dough from your hands. I try to do as much as I can with one hand, leaving the other free to add flour. REMOVE ALL RINGS AND BRACELETS (don't believe me-try it-you'll see why)

Have an extra pan of water simmering on the stove to add hot water if necessary.

I'm not so sure about the ratio of potatoes to flour in the recipe. This is a 'by feel' recipe. We don't use baking powder. 
Clean all surfaces and yourself WELL Nothing worse than dried paste stuck to hairs on your hand & arm.
Practice to get the feel-not too sticky

It looked exactly like the picture but tasted bland.

My grandma and dad used to make this but they did it a bit differently.Boil potatoes and mash with flour until thick and sticky. Cook bacon , reserve the bacon fat. Then roll a huge spoonful in the hot grease until covered with the deliciousness of bacon. So good. Next day make fried potatoes with the left overs. Requires lots of muscle to mix the stiff mixture of cooked potatoes.

Make this all the time!! Love it!!

This recipe is so close to the one my Mother-in-laws Sister made. Her name was Dagmar. (Spelling maybe wrong, but you get the idea) Norwegian!!!! She too used the raw and cooked potatoes. She put side pork in the center. She boiled them in salt water. While waiting for those to cook, she fried up bacon, crumbled it up and then added some canned milk. I didn't think that I even wanted to try them. My Husband sliced his up in thin slices, poured the bacon and canned milk over the slices and then sprinkled sugar over the top of that! I was shocked to say the least. I did try it with the bacon/canned milk. It was wonderful.  My Husband said try the sugar, and I'm like "no way!" I did try the bacon/canned milk. I have no say that it was the best meal that I have ever eaten. I still won't use the sugar, but I also don't like brown sugar, pineapple and cloves on ham! Yes we had left overs and we fried them in butter and those were super. I have looked all over trying to find this recipe. Thank you so much for posting it. I'm sure my Hubby will thank you too. I am from Danish descent and have lots of experience with raw potatoes. I'm going to make this recipe both ways and let you know they fare in my Family.

I have never used bacon, only salt pork. I would never eat it only boiled. Potatoes, flour, salt, salt pork. 
Slice salt pork into tiny pieces, do not cook.  Place potato/flour mixture in the palm of your hand, place about a tablespoon of the pork into center and make a ball of the mixture (so the pork in the the middle of the ball; then gently place in a pot of boiling water.  Cook approx. 1 hour on a simmer.  Remove and leave to cool. Keep in refrigerator, or wrap and freeze.  To cook, slice the ball into small 1"x2" pieces including the salt pork that is inside.  Fry in small amount of oil until lightly browned.  Salt and Pepper and eat.  It's great!

Many here in Norway like to use half and half of boiled and raw potatoes.
Also most have the rutbaga in the same pot.

I always make mine with salt pork in the middle- I've tried bacon but it just is not the same. We also make cream gravy off the salt pork drippings- and I make plenty so we can use it on the fried Klubs in the morning. I like the idea of using a 'broth' to boil them in and the use of barley flour- I've never done this but will try that the next time I make this. I've found that this really is an acquired taste and those that have not grown up eating don't always appreciate the taste/texture of Klub.

My Norwegian grandmother and her sister called them Coump sp?  and we put a piece of salt pork in the center.  Like a brick in your stomach after eating a couple but sooo good.  And we also loved them fried the next day.  Have not made them since my kids were little.  Think I may have to make some this week. Thanks for the reminder of a wonderful old family recipe.

Hands-down, my family's all-time favorite meal!  My Norwegian grandmother has made this since she was a little girl growing up in Midsund, Norway.  Her variations were: Boil hamhocks in water to create a nice strong pork stock.  She always ground the potatoes with an old hand-crank meat grinder (I did this for many years, but now I use the grinder attachment for my KitchenAid mixer.)  She also added a small piece of bacon to the center of each ball (we don't eat the bacon in the center, but it adds to the flavor).  I agree with other posters that you must drain as much water as possible, make them no bigger than baseball size, and they are done when they float to the top.  We also serve them up along with the hamhocks (grandma never wasted anything), rutabega and carrots.  Lastly, the "fat" (as she appropriately called it) that we pour over them once cooked consisted of sauteed bacon pieces & onions mixed with melted butter.  It's certainly NOT heart-healthy, but my 30+ member family indulges in this delicious treat at least once a year and I make enough for everyone to take home some leftovers.  :)

Note: (this I learned from my father-in-law who is a career chef) you can save money by skipping the hamhocks & making a "pork" stock with equal parts beef & chicken bullion or broth.  I toss in a few pieces of bacon to the broth to kick up the salty pork flavor.  It's not exactly the same, but it works well in a pinch.

I LOVE klub! My grandpa is full blooded Norwegian, and my grandma learned this from his mother. I grew up eating this all the time as a kid. We just use potatoes, flour and eggs in our recipe. Mix it, boil it, and cover it with butter and gravy. I think I might have to make some tonight! lol :)

