This recipe is very similar to the one my Mormor taught my mom, and I've been making these now for a little over 50 years!  This calls for one less egg, a little more flour, half the sugar---but it's basically the same.  I tried to make it with just one tablespoon batter on my cast iron griddle, but I had better luck with two tablespoons.  I've never used butter on the griddle, so it took me a little getting used to (I usually give a very light brushover of Crisco).  My granddaughters thought these were a little more "cushiony" but still very good (they passed the big test!!)!  Powdered sugar, granulated sugar, or lingonberry jam are the traditional ways I know of how to serve Swedish pancakes, but we still prefer a little jam with sour cream in the middle with a smidgen of syrup on the rolled up top!  My four Swedish grandparents would be proud that their tradition has carried on!  Thanks for posting your recipe, Amber!

Not my preferred variation Swedish pancakes  but they turned out ok and would probably pair well with lingon och powdered sugar. I felt the recipe could use butter within the mix and that these turned out a bit on the hard side rather than soft.

I cooked these in my crepe pan, and then cut them in half.  This is a very nice batter with just a hint of sweetness.  I’ve made a good number of crepe recipes and a few Swedish pancakes. The unique, and I think important step here, is beating the eggs for 4 minutes which made exceptionally light pancakes/crepes.  I wouldn’t change a thing, exceptional recipe.  Served with a dusting of confectioners sugar and some sliced strawberries.

Perfect and easy recipe.

Had a craving for Swedish pancakes went to Ihopand was sorely disappointed they no longer had thesethey have what they call crepes but not really like crepes to me.More like a thinner pancake. As a last resort before going to IKEAtried this recipe, Great recipe Thank you.instead of Sugar used 4 drops of Sucra.Turned out better than expected.

A bit thicker than my Mormors but this was a quick recipe and my kids liked.

I love this recipe

These are not authentic Swedish pancakes: add six tablespoons of melted butter to the batter and double the salt for pancakes your children will learn to make for their children.

I ran out of my handy Ikea frozen Swedish pancakes, but still had a bag of their meatballs left.  I'm so glad to have found this quick and easy recipe - all the ingredients came together perfectly, and the batter had the perfect consistency to easily swirl into the pan for an evenly thick pancake.  I used a non-stick ceramic frying pan, which made the edges of the pancake have super thin crispy edges - a delightful contrast to the rest of the pancake that my family and I enjoyed.  I love Ikea, but I think I'll be making my own Swedish pancakes from now on! 🥰

That's pretty much my mother's Carlson recipe, brought by her grandmother from Sweden.  If we children begged, she'd stand at the stove and make them on a Saturday morning.  Let butter melt, then lingonberries, raspberries, or syrup are all good.  Our father liked butter and sugar.

These great out great! We used Almond milk, and I think that made it so the didn’t brown very much — still delicious though! Topped with PSL sauce and chopped pecans. Let’s go Fall!

