Delicious, easy, great recipe!  My daughter brought it to her first grade class for a special day and it disappeared quickly.  Also made it for our Christmas morning brunch, as well as for several friends for Christmas gifts. We will definitely make this again!  Thanks!

I had such high hopes for this bread but was very disappointed. I should have known there would be a problem when I saw the amount of yeast...3/4 teaspoon is a third of a package of yeast and that was suppose to make two bread rings rise??? It came out of my bread machince just fine, but after 1 1/2 hours of letting the rings rise, they hadn't grown at all. I baked them anyway and there was brown sugar all over the cookie sheets and the bottom of my oven. They didn't rise at all during the baking time either.

I altered the filling. I used a sweetened cream cheese topped with fresh raspberries. Beautiful and delicious.

Family loved it! I didn’t have raisins so I used freeze dried apples instead. I also had to substitute vanilla for almond extract. My husband said it was better than cinnamon rolls.

Very delicious . As suggested I used 1 tsp of yeast and added sliced almonds to the filling. I shaped one piece into a circle and the other roll I cut down the center and then made a twisted braid. Before baking I brushed them with cream and sprinkled coarse sugar on top. Will definitely make this again

This has been in our family for many year (somehow it was re-named "English Tea Ring".

I grew up having this every Christmas so I was looking forward to sharing the tradition with my family.   Although we devoured a ring almost immediately... it is not quite as good as my mom's.   I followed the recipe but added 1/4 tsp more yeast as another person suggested.   The rings didn't rise much.   I remember my mom's Swedish Tea Ring as being denser.   They rose better and were wonderful.   I will give this a try one more time but I may keep searching for a new recipe.   Good, but not  quite as good as I'd hoped.   BTW-  I used vanilla in the icing vs. almond extract.

I used to have a bread machine cookbook with this recipe in it, and this was the one recipe I missed.  This is almost exactly it.  Of course I don't have a bread machine anymore, so I had to make by hand.  Still delicious.  I used dried cherries because that's what I had on hand, and I added some chopped pecans.  I got praise from everyone who tried it.

If you want to make it without a bread machine its pretty easy.  I warmed the milk in the microwave then added the yeast and let it sit for about 15 minutes.  Place the milk/yeast in a stand mixer and add the egg, sugar, and salt.  Add the flour, mix until absorbed, then the butter.  Mix until doughy.  Cover and let sit for 1-1/2 hours then proceed with the recipe.

Make ahead-Dough can be covered in a bowl and refrigerated up to 4 days before shaping/rising.  This is a childhood recipe and it's wonderful.  Simple, pretty and tasty.

Although my friends liked this dessert, I felt that the dough was a little flat. I would have liked a thicker, fluffier dough. I will try doubling the yeast. Also, I'd like to mention that although I love that the recipe makes two rings, they are a bit small. That being said, the instructions were well written and it looked great.

I only wanted one coffee cake so I cut the recipe in half.  Because I don’t use a bread machine, I proofed the yeast in the milk @ 110º with a teaspoon of sugar and then finished off the rest of the dough in my KA, kneading it on my pastry board at the very end, and then set it aside for its first rise. As another review noted, the filling does escape slightly from the dough during baking, but there is plenty of cinnamon-roll flavor.  This recipe makes a wonderful coffee cake that is as scrumptious as it is attractive.

