This recipe brings back so many memories. I make it mostly in the winter. I found you have to use red potatoes so they stay together.  I also use cubed salt pork which is what my grandmother and mother always made it with. My mother used a grinder but I use a processor and the grinding blade.  After many years of making this I found the key to success is putting the ground potatoes into a sieve and squeeze as much of the liquid out before you add the flour. It is wonderful sliced and fried in butter the next day. We always serve it with a lot of butter, salt, and pepper. My grandmother called it klubb. It is good old fashioned comfort food.

I made these for our traditional Norwegian Christmas dinner.  Somehow they turned a weird grey-purple color and were tasteless.  I don't know what could have been done to save these.

I grew up eating this and we always ate them with sugar and like everyone else sliced and fried the leftovers.  Oh yeah, we didn't use onions and they were grey and pretty dense.

Great recipe! My partners family is Norwegian and they use mashed potatoes along with raw shredded potatoes and oats then add flour untill forms a dough. Adding oats gives the dumplings great flavour. My children love these the next morning sliced thin and fried in butter. A wonderful 2 meal dish. Make lots!

It's a good recipe and the dish is definitely worth a try. But, you might mention that the potatoes should be boiled until cooked. That is not clear in the recipe. I was able to figure that out from the rest of the instructions. I've cooked since grade school, not everybody has that much experience.

This is a good recipe, but  do not use ham.  Get ham hocks...the difference in flavor is amazing.  I have had it with ham and it just is not the same.  Have the ham hocks boiling in water on the stove while you make the dumplings.   Then add the dumplings. into the water...when they are cooked, transfer to a plate, pull the meat off the ham hock bone and put on top of the dumplings.   The broth should be thick....I can't remember how to thicken it right off hand, but  pour some of that on top of the meat and dumpling and top with butter.   My dad, who was not Norwegian, used to beg my Norwegian mother and grandmother to make this.

One of my families favorites.  Thank you Grandma.

Reminded me of meals in Norway.  My husband wasn’t as enthusiastic as I was, so this will become a “hunting/fishing trip” meal.

My grandmother passed this recipe down to our family. Only we use a combination of wheat and white flour using ground sausage in the middle. We used to make this yearly at Christmas. I try to make it a couple times a year.

I am Norwegian and my family made this recipe. We served it with syrup. We also fried the left overs and served it for breakfast. Love this dish!

My grandmother made this whenever she visited. We used an old crank grinder that was attached to a wooden chair  to grind the potatoes and onions.  We put a 1"cube of ham in the center of our dumplings.  We made huge dumplings the size of a baseball or maybe as a child they seemed that big? We slice them and poured melted butter on them and salt-and-pepper to eat. The next morning we would slice them thin and fry slices in butter.  Now when I make them I grind up the ham with the potatoes and onions. My siblings and I would sneak left over Dumplings during the night  from the refrigerator.  We would hide in the closet with a pink "easy bake oven" and bake the sliced dumplings in butter during the night to eat.  It's not like our parents didn't feed us or anything . It was a wonderful adventure :-)  And yes when you boil them the water gets thick and slimy and they do turn a kind of grayish color but like the other lady said it's oxidation is normal.

