This is a must during the winter holidays in our house.  I have been to some large Danish parties where they use gallon jugs of Sangria with the addition of the other alcohol so I may try that.  You can also serve raisins and dried cranberries soaked in dark rum on the side along with the slivered almonds.  A truly wonderful drink that will get a lot of comments from those who may not be familiar with it.  A definite party maker!!!   Skoal!

Fantastic!

2020 Christmas Day.
Put in a crock pot to keep it warm. 
Smelled great and was delicious!

very nice flavors... easy to make ... Think it is going to be a tradition

Just like the glogg I remember from my family way back. Lighting it on fire is always fun too!

Wonderful stuff

I make this every year. Wonderful recipe. I use two bottles of port and three Cabernet Sauvignon. I also cut back on the sugar. I prefer it less sweet. You can’t go wrong with this on a cold winter night sitting outside by a fire. Warms you to your toes. Thank you for sharing this awesome recipe.

I followed commenter Cynthia Lerner's suggestion and made this in a percolator. I divided the wine and liquor by five -- 1 bottle of port and 1/5-bottle (5 oz.) each of bourbon and rum -- but used the same amount of spices as called for in the recipe. Put the spices in  the percolator basket, turn it on and let it run its cycle. I made this on Christmas Eve. I measured out the ingredients ahead of time so it was quick and easy to make. People loved it, especially the way the alcoholic fumes go up your nose when you drink it.

Everyone loves this and asks me to bring it to the yearly Christmas party. I make a crockpot full and never leave with leftovers. Skol!

I've been making this for years (decades, actually) and love this recipe.  It's great to serve at a Holiday party instead of having to set up a bar.  I use the same wine and spices, however, I cut the liquor to one 750 ml liter of brandy.  The advice given is very good, use really cheap liquor and wine, the spices completely rule the flavor.  I also cook this is a 30 cup percolator putting the sugar, spices and fruit in the basket.  I also cut up and use a whole orange.  By the time it perks thru its done.  Serve from the coffee pot so it stays warm.

