This was a treat when I was a kid.  The only difference is that I use a ham hock that has been smoked and no need to add any salt with the broth.  I like to dip my hands in cold water before I make the potatoe ball.  The piece of bacon in the center adds great flavor.  The left overs are the best sliced and fried in a little bit of butter.  Real comfort food.  Always have loved it.

I recommend serving them with lingonberry jam on the side, and a dollop of butter. Thats how we eat them in Sweden, where they are called kroppkaka..

My Granddaughter and I made this recipe ! The only thing changed was we did not use whole wheat flour we used instant mashed potatoes in place of The Whole wheat flour!  Great consistency and delicious!

This recipe is excellent. We make our Kumla using a cheap pork roast. We put shredded pork in each ball.  We eat it with a little broth and salty butter the first meal and we fry it and dip in butter for breakfast. Do you know it freezes beautifully? Good job!

I used a food processor to grind the potatoes and extra thick bacon in the broth and a bit inside each dumpling.  I also only used regular flour. They turned out delicious.

Kumla is a very adaptable recipe, depending on what area you are from.  The broth should have more flavor (seasonings), and the dumplings, we always used salted pork in the center.  Instead of ham, which is good also, we use garlic sausage,  Italian sausage, and/or whatever sausage you like.  a couple onions, some carrots is also added.  Of course serve with butter and loganberry/cranberry.  Leftovers next day cut up and fried in butter is to die for.

Wonderful!  Even though I changed the recipe to make it more like what my mom made.  Instead of the whole wheat flower I used quick cook rolled oats and I cooked them in a lamb broth.  I served the dumplings with boiled rutabagas, carrots and locally made sausage.

We make Kumla twice a year as a family. My Mom has always used a meat grinder to grind the potatoes. We peel, and quarter the potato, then put it through the meat grinder. It extrudes excess water from the potato. Much easier than using a grater. I could eat Kumla once a month at least. And, you must have BUTTER....not margarine. I'm seriously thinking I have to make some real soon. YUM !

WE love these!  We usually make 10 lbs of potatoes because they are so good and we love to have the leftovers

Been looking for a good Kumla recipe.  Used to love having these when I was younger.  Only thing I changed was no bacon, we always used the ham in the kumla so being that is what I'm used to I stuck to that.  Also added ham bouillon to water while boiling ham and no other seasonings for more ham flavor.  I did like the potatoes being shredded better than the mashed I had grown up with.   Overall great recipe.

My daughter made Kumla for the first time(15yr old) using this recipe and the Kumla came out perfect! Taste just like her Norwegian grandmas Kumla!

