This was DELICIOUS!!!! Meatballs were super tender spices were perfect, nice and savory. Gravy was very good (I'm going to try less sour cream next time but I like a meatier gravy) I made the gravy with the dripping like it called for but I used the pan I fried meatballs in earlier which had even more drippy goodness in it. I served the meatballs over rice but I might try noodles sometime. A word of caution, try to pace yourself while eating these it's easy to inhale a couple dozen and these deserve to be savored!

I followed recipe exactly like written... 
 I thought it was over the top sweet, almost like eating a cupcake. I think there were errors in cooking time, it took me well over 2 hours to make this and I am not an amatuer cook. I also think that if you try this recipe, do not add the sour cream to the simmered sauce unless you temper the sour cream or it can curdle. I'm sorry but very disapointed in this recipe. I only gave it a two star beccause the meatball was tender and moist which is always nice. Just thought too much went into this

It was tasty, moist, and comforting. The meatball mixture was a little wet, so I did not form the meatballs and just dropped spoonfuls.  Next time I would dice my onions smaller, and form the meatballs. I did not have ground pork so used all beef. I also used all beef broth instead of chicken and beef broth. I used only about half of the sour cream and it was plenty creamy. I left out the sugar and ginger. I would probably add more nutmeg and allspice since the spices were not very noticeable. I served it with buttered egg noodles and a vegetable (peas).  Would be good with a little lingonberry jam instead of the brown sugar.

I think the meatballs were good but just too much gravy in proportion with the meatballs and too much sour cream.  If I make this again, double the meatball part and add a couple extra pieces of bread to the mixture.  When it comes down to the sour cream in the gravy I'm only going to use like 1/4 cup.  One cup is way too much.

This recipe with ginger and with juniper berries instead of brown sugar was delicious. So tender and easy to make. I never cooked meatballs with this technique and have found you can swap out the spices for others and play around with sauces and gravies and they stay SO tender and delicious. Thanks!

My go to! They are fabulous meatballs!!

The family practically ate these up before the serving tray landed on the kitchen table!

This is not a swedish recipe, looks very american.The real recipe has no sour cream, no ginger (not optional at all), no brown sugar (use juniper berry jelly if needed), beef broth or veal broth is used to get the flavor right.Tips: Use soy sauce to get the right color, shred the onion to not get too many big pieces and use heavy cream for the sauce too

Have made this recipe dozens of times with some modifications. I use 1/2 C of plain panko breadcrumbs with the heavy cream and I substitute ground chicken (not ground chicken breast) for the pork/beef.The rest of the ingredients remain as-written (and I always use the Tbsp of brown sugar) and I use closer to a 1/2 C chicken broth than a 1/4 C. The other modification is in the cooking method, I use only a 3 qt saute pan for the dish.I saute the onion in the pan while the breadcrumbs soak up the cream and mix together per the recipe and cook the meatballs in two batches in the pan (makes ~24 meatballs so 12 and 12). Ground chicken tends to flatten out a bit more than red meats so they wind up with flatter edges but nobody seems to mind and nobody has ever said anything to me about that (and they all loved it).Once the second batch is done I throw the first batch back in, add the broth, cover, put into the oven and bake. Once that's done I'll take the pan out of the oven, remove the meatballs and back to the stovetop for the roux. At this point I may use a little more butter as chicken doesn't yield nearly the amount of fat that the beef/pork will.I think the fond in the bottom of the pan from the browning and baking is a key to knocking these out of the park. As long as you didn't burn anything that stuff is pure flavor and with everything cooking in the same pan leaves none of that to waste. For that I'm hesitant to brown the meatballs on a baking sheet to keep them 'rounder'.After I finish the roux, simmering the sauce and adding the sour cream the meatballs return to the pan to warm and simmer in the sauce for a bit. Then the whole thing seems to get devoured with the egg noodles no matter how much I make. Five stars for the inspiration!

What a wonderful dish! I highly recommend it. make sure to make that gravy:)

I grew up with a lot of Swedish cooking. My grandmother used tomake Swedish meatballs, then my Mother used her recipe to make them later on. I haven't been able to find a recipe that authentically matched the flavors. My wife used this recipe. One bite and it was like being a kid again! This was a dead on match to what I remember growing up. We're saving this recipe!

