The aroma of these as I was mixing them were wonderful, and the flavor was great too.  However, there are a few key ingredients left out of the original recipe post, so this is how I made my gravy:

2 T butter
1/4 cup flour
1.5 cups beef stock
1/2 cup cream
1/2 teaspoon sugar
1 teaspoon Worchestershire sauce
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper

The recipe doesn't say how many meatballs this made.  Making 2-3 tablespoon-sized meatballs gave me about 34 pretty big meatballs (like, spaghetti-and-meatball size versus IKEA meatball size), which needed to cook longer than the 20 minutes allotted.  Mine ended up cooking for 40 minutes, and were slightly tough on the outside, and the temp only got to 150 inside with my thermometer, but they were definitely done.  I think next time I will cook for a little longer at a lower temp to not have the outside so overdone.

Also, the recipe called for making the gravy before making the meatballs, but I would definitely make the gravy AFTER they are cooked since it really doesn't take more than a few minutes to whisk up.  The amount of gravy made with my measurements there only really coated about half the recipe (the hubby is a gravy fanatic, plus we wanted some for the potatoes too), so I'd at least double it next time since it's very thick, and doesn't stretch far.  Because I was waiting so long for the meatballs to cook, the gravy got super thick, but a little splash of beef stock helped loosen it as I warmed it back up on the stove.

I want to try these meatballs, however in the instructions, #5 states to whisk in Worcestershire sauce. I don't see that in the ingredient list. How much do you use?

Very tasty but gravy was a little too thin

I didn't make any changes to the recipe. Delish! I do not quite understand the reviews stating the sauce was to thin. My sauce was perfect. Maybe it's the cooking method used. Thank you Chef John for another great recipe.

These are great, but not as good as Chef John's ricotta meatball recipe.  That one is 5 stars. However, the browning of the meatballs in the oven from this recipe is a superiour technique - saves much hassle and the balls come out great. Also, the nice thick gravy in this recipe is fantastic, although I omit the cream when making the ricotta meatballs.

Haven't made it yet but i know it will be great.To reviewer asking about quantity of Worchestershire sauce. He corrected ingredients to add 1/4 tsp to gravy. I compared other recipes and found some using up to 1 Tbsp for this size recipe. Can substitute soy sauce (low sodium?). Frankly, I'd split the difference on first batch (so 1-1/2 tsp)--I like it. Since it's in the gravy, you can easily adjust. Probably need to cut back other salt to compensate.

I feed 3 of the pickiest eaters on the planet. Dinner time is a pain. The only change I made to this recipe is to keep everything separate so that everyone could pick and choose. This is the first gravy that hit our table that all three kids ate. (And I've made the KFC dupe that 2 of them wouldnt touch.) They want these meatballs used for spaghetti and meatballs. I'm here now to use this gravy for chicken and rice. This 1 recipe may have saved 4-5 of my dinner headaches. I can't say thank you enough.

Riddle: What do you get when you mix 2 tbs butter with 3 tbs flour? NOTHING THAT CAN BE STIRRED.  At THE END OF IT, THE 'GRAVY' WAS BROWN WATER. SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS FIRST.

I honestly had high hopes for this recipe but alas it fell flat...like pancake flat. The meatballs were so incredibly flavorless and the sauce was WAY to thin.  Sorry Chef John, I REALLY wanted to love this! I didn't give it 1 star because despite the way the sauce turned out, it did have good flavor

It was easy and it came out really good. I made it with egg noodles. Then I ran of that, and made it with fettuccine. It came out really good. I want to try mashed potatoes next.

Really good!

