I have loved this recipe for years and years.  I agree with supplementing the apple mixture with additional spices such as nutmeg, cloves, cinnamon, etc.  The trick to keep the batter from getting too runny is to soften the butter, not melting it.  My "secret weapon" with this recipe is a teaspoon of almond extract in the batter - this takes an already easy delicious recipe over the top.

It tastes better when cold.  It must be refrigerated because of the egg though so be careful.  Wasn't as good as my apple crumble so I don't think I'll make it again.

This is a tasty dessert, just a little sweet for me as written.  I think it would be great with ice cream (which I wished I had had).  It is really easy to make too. The apples were perfectly tender at 45 minutes. I opted for Granny Smiths, and they were great!

When I want an easy, delicious fruit-based recipe, this is my go-to. I always have apples on hand that need to be used and I'll also add anything else starting to ripen too much: berries, plums, pears.  Along with almond extract, nutmeg, ginger and slivered almonds. I really like the cookie-ish crust. I cut the amount of butter some to save my arteries. But the more butter, of course, the more delicious.

Easy and delicious!

added lemonjuice to the bare apple pieces and halved the sugar. The flour mix is cakey and was difficult to spread evenly.

This pie is delicious!!  I  used 1/2 cup regular flour and 1/2 cup almond flour and only used 3/4cup sugar.  Crust baked to a golden brown. Served with a small scoop of ice cream.

Great recipe added more sugar and cinnamons  was a hit in my home.

This is like a giant cookie with apples. I followed the instructions carefully. This does not seem like a pie. It was good, but really a cookie. Not sure if i missed something

This is really easy to make and delicious. I didn’t change the recipe at all. I used a 9 inch springform pan because I saw it in one of the pictures uploaded here. That worked just fine. I lined the bottom of the pan with parchment. I also made vanilla ice cream for the occasion.

I never knew baking an apple pie could be so easy & it taste great.  No need to make a dough crust and roll out.  Simply add a few ingredients together and spread over the top of the apples & there is your crust-so tasty.  Only apple pie I have made now for 2 years.

