Really good and simple sauce!  I cheated and used concentrated lemon instead of reducing fresh lemon juice.... it turned out wonderful!  Will use this again and again!

Two lemons was way too much. One would probably be enough.

two freshly squeezed lemons but a bit much for me; puckered lips aside it was a simple, tasty sauce

Delicious! This was a big hit with everyone the first time I made it AND every time that I've made it since. I don't think it's too tart, it's far less tart than putting straight lemon on your salmon. I've also made it with a little fresh dill when I only had half the amount of fresh parsley for the recipe, it was very good that way as well.  Thanks, Chef John!

Wow was really nervous about it, love the sauce. My son don’t eat any kind of seafood and he loved it.

This was a super delicious accompaniment to salmon. It does have an intense lemon flavor that needs to be paired with something fatty and rich. When tasting on its own there was a bracing acidity and I probably should have thinned it out a little with water. However, the husband really enjoyed it (although he was probably just excited to get salmon ha!). Will definitely be making again. Thanks, Chef John!

Amazing! So good on salmon

ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE! I only read of one other review same way and it was exactly my experience. I made it to and it came out so tart way overpowering lemon flavor nothing else. It was velvet smooth but flavor was so bad I couldn't do anything to save it. I added seasoning, cream even sugar because was so bad tartness anyway I have no idea how others found this delightful. O would maybe try again with 1 lemon instead of 2.  But I don't think so. My lemons were small organic also.. no flavor but just severe tart. I love chef johns many other recipes, but this should get no stars.

This is a super simple sauce that is absolutely delicious on spiraled zucchini! I’ve made it three times since I’ve found it. It’ll be a staple in my kitchen from now on.

Wow... It looked sooo good but Man, the lemon was overpowering... I cooked the lemon down to a TBS just as the recipe called for... followed everything exactly … It was a perfect consistency , but when I tasted it I cringed it was so strong... I added more cream and butter to try to save it but to no avail.  Waste of Heavy cream and lemons.  Just wondering … did everyone's have such a strong taste? Should I have reduced the lemon juice down to almost a  paste

