OMG, if you have never tried kringle, you HAVE to make this recipe.  My family and my work friends went absolutely crazy for it and are still talking about it to anyone who will listen.  The dough is super simple to make and work with.  It is so flaky, but dense and moist, and not too sweet, it's perfect! What I did was to divide the dough in half and put cherry pie filling in one half and half of the brown sugar/butter/nuts recipe in the other. The only change I would make is that the brown sugar/butter/nuts one had WAY too much butter. I used 1 stick (1/2 cup) and it leaked out everywhere and I ended up pouring at least a 1/4 cup of melted butter off of the pan because the kringle was swimming in it. Gross. When I made it again, I just dotted penny sized butter pieces sparsely over the brown sugar/nuts mixture as it lay in the dough and it worked fine, no problems. So definitely cut the butter down. I also made one where I microwaved frozen peach slices until soft, then mashed them with a potato masher with a little sugar and used that as filling. It was wonderful!!!

i gave it two stars because i like the taste or else it would have been one star.
this danish tasted good only because i added vanilla and sugar. i didnt like the dough, it became hard after baking it.  it is not a danish dough to me. some parts in it was still mushy.

I followed the recipe exactly for the dough, and just added cherry pie filling to the filling.  I refrigerated the dough for at least 18 hours, and sprinkled flour all over the dough before rolling it.  the dough was so stick that I could not cut the strips without the dough sticking to my knife, and could not fold the strips over because they just fell into a sticky clump when I tried to lift them.  Then, I could not lift the Kringle off of the counter, and had to use a pizza lifter, and then the dough stuck to the lifter and I just had a large clump of dough and filling on the baking sheet.  I have not seen any complaints about this problem, and would like to know if I did something wrong, as I would like to try this again.  Any help is appreciated!

Basically rich pie crust. Made it because didn’t have time for real Kringle. Too much butter in filling, apple went better. But it tasted really good!

This recipe has become our all time favorite bkfst treat😀.The only thing I did different is I roll and fold each side  my dough into the center, then fold together like an envelope, put back into the refrigerator, and a few hours later I do that same process again, I found this gives a lovely pastry l, then after about another Hour or two chill I then divide my dough into thirds. Usually make  one with pecans, butter, brown sugar, snd cinnamon, one with a cherry filling snd one with Apples,raisins , cinnamon and suger that way every one in my family is happy

Excellent! Delicious! Pretty! This will become one of my favorite, go-to recipes I'll use when I want to make something special. I made two kringles; one with cherry preserves and Pokey-Turtle's cream cheese filling, the other with the brown sugar, walnuts, cinnamon and reduced amount of butter. Both turned out FABULOUSLY. Thank you for sharing this tasty gem!

Hummmm, dough was way too soft, filling oozed out every where. End result looks nothing like pic. Just made one, trying the next one now. One star for now.....for taste.Well, made the other 2. Site wont allow my pics but they didnt puff up. Added more flour as i rolled it out and kept dough cold. Wonder what I did wrong.These turned out more like a swedish Christmas cookie recipe I have.  Trying a yeasted kringle next.

Wonderful recipe!

Great old fashion recipe! Sometimes I use homemade jam instead of the one that filling. Always gets a thumbs up!

I’ve been making this recipe for close to 20 years! Even tho I’ve always had troubles with the filling leaking out, it doesn’t matter, there’s still plenty of delicious filling.  I will try the idea of just dotting butter on the brown sugar walnut filling, see how that goes! Thanks for a delicious recipe! Another thought- this Kringle recipe is distinctively different than the Kringles from Wisconsin- aren’t those kringles made with a yeast dough? I’ve made kringles both ways- I like this version better!

Thank you for this recipe! I was looking to add new items to our breakfast menu, at the lodge where I work. I had no problem getting 3 kringles produced; but I agree that it is more helpful to shape the dough into an elongated shape rather than a ball, for the overnight rest. For my personal tastes, I added cinnamon to the filling; and used toasted pecans instead of walnuts. I put down a cream cheese filling in the second one; and bake-proof seedless raspberry jam in the third. I couldn't tell which one I liked best! I need to, in the future, add some salt, as I have access only to unsalted butter; and I could sense some flavor lacking due to not enough salt.

