These were the BEST buttermilk pancakes!  They were super easy to make.  If you have 3 or more people, I would double the recipe.  Yummy, yummy, yummy!!! Also, I didn't change ANYTHING, but I would say it is always preferable to use Buttermilk if possible - and there's nothing like hot maple syrup on top :)  Thank you for sharing this recipe, it couldn't have been easier to make.

I tried this recipe as written and should have known better about the amount of salt it calls for.  A 1/4 Teaspn per cup of flour is enough.  I also think I would cut the baking soda next time to 1/2 teaspn per cup of flour as well.  There's sodium in baking soda.  With the recipe written as it is, I have to give it one star due to the high sodium content.  The recipe as written with the amount of salt plus baking soda makes the pancakes taste like brine.  I couldn't eat it.  I don't mean to be harsh but if anyone tries the recipe as written they will see what I mean.  Next time I will make the adjustments and think it will turn out excellent pancakes.

So uncomplicated & yummy!  Like that there is no added sugar.  I added a couple of tablespoons of ground flax seed to oomph the fiber.  One of 4 said it was a little salty.  May have overpoured.  A keeper!

Made some adjustments but recipe has good bones.Used a bit more flour, baking soda, and baking powder, and I cut back slightly on the salt. Also, I used about two tablespoons of oil instead of butter.My batter was not thick and spongy like the instructions describes, and, rather, was a bit thin for pancake batter. Yielded very good results and will certainly make again!!

Best pancake recipe I have ever tried.  Light, fluffy, tender .... just great.

So much salt?? I knew as I was pouring it that could not be right. I made it edible but far from good by adding vanilla, maple syrup and a little baking powder. Still tastes salty - unwelcome in a pancake.

Needs salt.  I use powdered buttermilk and 1 and half cups is a little too much.  Pancakes can always be adjusted.

I can still taste the salt. Use less milk. Add a couple tbs of w sugar. And a little b powder.

I usually read reviews before trying a recipe and really wish I had before making this recipe.  I agree that it is waaaaay to salty!!!!  I like thin pancakes so I did not add the baking soda and added extra buttermilk. The consistency was great and they looked perfect but the taste was so strong, it was hard to eat them.  If I make it again, i will use way less salt and the extra milk I add to thin the pancakes, will be regular not buttermilk.  :)

WAY to much sodium.  Since 1/8 tsp. of baking soda contains 150 mg of sodium (making 1 tsp. contains 1200 mg of sodium).  I do not add ANY salt to my pancake or waffle batters.  Expecially important to people with heart or blood pressure issues.  Don't add it and you won't even notice it's missing.  People get WAY to much sodium in their diet.  Learn to read labels.

This is my goto recipe for buttermilk pancakes!I know how to tweak it to my likings by using oatmeal flour, brown sugar, blueberries, bananas, and other ingredients that I like!And they are the but tasting pancakes and very easy to whip up!

