This recipe is just like the recipe I got from a mummu (old Finnish grandma) who showed me how to make them before I left the country. She of course made them without a recipe, and I roughly tried to copy it down into a recipe, and it came out pretty much like this.

FYI, there are two types of rye flour: course (or regular) rye flour and fine rye flour. Use the course flour for this since you'll be mixing wheat flour in with it. Also, you'll end up putting about the same amount of wheat flour in as rye flour, so you don't have to do it one tablespoon at a time, you can almost double it at first and then add slowly until the texture is right.

You can also add egg white to the butter to brush on top, and you can also brush them again while they're oven if you want them super golden brown and soft, but it's hardly necessary.

For the rice, try to use sushi or short grain rice, but if you can't find it, I think Thai Jasmine rice is the next best. Also, these are best with whole milk and real butter.

Finns usually serve these by spreading butter on top, followed by some type of cheese (usually Edam). It's very common to eat them with ham, and you can really put on whatever you want (tomato, lettuce, etc.).

A lot of work, but worth it!

I guess this must be something you grew up with, but I just feel like an hour of my life was wasted.  I followed the directions exactly, with the exception of putting a sharp cheese on half of them halfway through cooking.  Filling little blobs of rice, perhaps maybe with some cinnamon, sugar, and raisins?  Even the cheese ones were ho hum.  I’m sorry, I really wanted to like these.  My hubby didn’t even finish 1

Super easy and came out perfect!  My wife's Finnish dad and grandmother both loved these, and said they were even better than the ones they get at the Finnish market!

I guess this must be something you grew up with, but I just feel like an hour of my life was wasted.  I followed the directions exactly, with the exception of putting a sharp cheese on half of them halfway through cooking.  Filling little blobs of rice, perhaps maybe with some cinnamon, sugar, and raisins?  Even the cheese ones were ho hum.  I’m sorry, I really wanted to like these.  My hubby didn’t even finish 1

Absolutely delicious. Exactly as I had them when I took my eating tour through Helsinki. I love you for this.

I am a Finnish woman and have made these pies all my life!! The recipe is ok,but right after coming out of the oven, you MUST dip the pies quickly in hot milk and place in a platter or baking sheet and cover them with plastic wrap and a clean towel!! If you don't do this step. your Karjalan piirakka will be too hard and dry!! Also; us Finns eat them with just plain butter or with chopped boiled egg/butter mixture!!

Great! Just a reminder. I lived in Finland for a number of years. The Finns don't like to be referred to as Scandinavian! Nordic, maybe...

First time making this and first time eating it. Will definitely make it again. My family really enjoyed it too. Fun to make. I'm going to experiment a bit next time with a little seasoning.

Very good!! Sprinkle a little bit of salt on them when done. My  very picky 2 year old is eating right now-I'm stunned!!! I think I'd like my pastry shell to be a little bit thicker. I had leftover milk butter and I dunked them in it. I recommend this too!!

I just failed at getting 16 of these, or the ones in the photo are about the size of a quarter. I made only 6 small ones and had tons of rice left over.  They are only worth the work if you are from Finland and need a taste of home or you have to make a Finnish recipe for school like we did.  The combination of rice and rye (with egg butter) is yummy but could be just as good on nice toasted rye bread without all the work and mess.

This is a great recipe, very simple to make. After baking I brush them top and bottom with a mix of hot milk and butter to soften them up a little, and to add some extra grease ;) They are super topped traditionally with eggbutter (like egg salad but using butter or margarine instead of mayo). My son LOVES them filled with mashed potatoes instead of rice. Again, extra greasy and salty mashed potatoes...

