This is just how my Danish family taught me - except that my Gram would either mix in dillweed, or sprinkle fresh dill over them when serving. Very addicting!

my family also makes this recipe but we add allspice and make into patties.this has been a christmas tradition for as long as i can remember. my grandmother was from denmark and we have many of her family recipes.labor intense but sooo worth it.

Simple to make - as close to Belgian Frites stands' Frikadell as we've found. I made mine in long, hotdog shaped servings - just like my wife remembers from her childhood. Serve it on a French bread with fries, mayonnaise, curry ketchup and ketchup.

Delicious! Just like Mormor made! God Rest in Paradise  Miss you Mor.

Continuation: I didn’t have any breadcrumbs so I just used 6 tbsp of flour. I beat that in with some fresh ground pepper for another 2-3 minutes on level 4. Then you can start gradually adding the milk. I used 12 ounces total (different meats require different amounts of milk so watch that it doesn’t get runny). I made sure it was thoroughly combined before putting it in the fridge. It needs at least 30 minutes in the fridge before cooking. When cooking these, you don’t have to form them into balls. My family’s frikadeller were always more of an oval shape and can be easily picked up with a tablespoon and dropped in a mid-high heated pan. I used butter and veg oil. If you dip the spoon in the hot butter before putting into the meat mixture, the meat won’t stick to the spoon. They need about 5-6 minutes per side. They’re done when they have a dark crust on them (much of the taste is in the crust). If they get dark too quickly, turn down the heat but make sure it’s not too low or they won’t cook right. Put the frikadeller on a plate with a paper towel before serving. Variations: Eggs can easily be omitted if you’re out or have an egg allergy. Just use a little extra liquid. Flour: you can omit the flour and either use a handful of bread crumbs or a handful of oats (quick oats or old fashioned doesn’t matter) per pound of meat. So if using two pounds as I did, use two handfuls of each. Milk: if you’re lactose intolerant, use sparking/seltzer water or tap water in place of milk.

Fantastic! Had this similar recipe handed down to me from my Danish Grandmother Sonja! My family loves theme!!

Not quite as they are in Denmark, but close!

Pretty much the same recipe I got from my former Mother in Law with the exception of the seltzer water.  What that do for the meatballs, just curious!

this recipe is great, if a little bland. 
 We had these weekly in my youth.  My mom, grandma and tante's always added ground nutmeg.  Some used milk instead of selzer, and often used beef, pork and veal.  Served with caramelized potatoes and either red cabbage or beets.  Rodgrod med flode or aebelkage for dessert.

very good recipe - i also add WHITE pepper, 1/2FLOUR and 1/2 OATMEAL in place of breadcrumbs,  and some dijon mustard.

Will definitely make it again. A real winner!

