Well, despite his skepticism about *Norwegian* pancakes being anything like crepes, my boyfriend was promptly enthused by these.  He thinks they are very excellent and can't wait for me to make these again.  I, too, thought them to be very tasty.  They were very easy to make(of course, you needed to overlook my inexperience at the flipping of them).  I added a dash of vanilla to the mix and then we smothered them with whipped brown sugar and cinnamon cream cheese, drizzled some maple syrup on the top, and sprinkled with powder sugar.  Great!  Thanks!

Its great to see online a recipe my Norwegian grandmother has taught me years ago to make, and I have had many times in Norway.  Although, there are a few differences.  I guess back in the day it was easier to say 1 egg to 1tbsp sugar to 1 cup milk to 1 cup flour. never heard of salt going in. And one major Norwegian recipe not included here was Cardamom.  All Norske's as far as I know put a heavy sprinkling of cardamom in the mix.  And all norskes roll this with strawberry jelly. Jordbear.  Oh yeah, they call it tinnepannekakke (thin pancake).  Here in the US we add some cinnamon and vanilla, but it's not neccessary.

I grew up on these. My father was a native Norwegian and my mother made the just like this except there is one crucial ingredient missing. Salt pork.She would cut salt pork into 1/4 inch squares checkerboard style. Then she would saute the pieces to render the fat. This gives up some tasty crispies. Save the fat and crispies separately and put a little fat in the pan before adding the batter. Sprinkle a few crispies on top followed by a few drops of the fat and then continue as the recipe says.Oh the memories. Thanks In-Da-Wings.

Love this recipe, I've been using it for years. I sometimes add a little vanilla at my daughter's request

This reminded of when I was a kid. Good times

My boys love these. I've add some vanilla and cinnamon to it.

Those pancakes  were delicious! Iv'e been searching for the best pancake/crepe recipe. Everyone ate them as soon as they were on the table!

I had to add a little extra batter per pancake, but other than that, this was a great recipe!

Made it as is and loved it. The kids especially enjoy this with whipped cream and strawberries.

I didn't make any changes, as I have been trying out different crepe recipes, and want to try them as written before making any changes. These are a very good base for savory or sweet. We did a sausage, cream, curry, garlic and onion to go into the crepe the first time. Everyone liked it! Yum!! The second one I just loaded with a bit of butter and mocha-chocolate chips and warmed up slowly...This was also received well!!!

I wound up making a third of the recipe instead and it was delicious with lemon and sugar. Perhaps it could do with a little vanilla but that isn't necessary. The entire recipe is about 860 calories- divided by 6 is  143; so, it'll definitely do you some good to add fresh fruit and perhaps some creme.

