This is pretty close to the recipe that me and my mom use here in Finland. Here is another tip to make it even more special:
Instead of dividing the dough into 3 parts for braiding, form it into a one big strip and roll it out into a big rectangle. Then spread soft butter evenly on the dough and sprinkle sugar and cinnamon on top of the butter. I like to use all three generously ;) After this, roll the dough rectrangle into one long roll. You can make some cuts on the loaf if you want (every 2" for example), this is not necessary but the bread looks nice this way. Brush each loaf with egg wash and sprinkle with sugar.

I personaly was not happy with the result.  It has a great taste, but I don't think all the work is worth it.  I probably wont make this again.  It also browns to fast.  I would think about turning down the heat to maybe 375 degrees

This recipe was so delicious! Absolutely fantastic! I found a recipe very similar to this one about 25 years ago but it was for a bread machine; a friend of mine from Finland said it was authentic and I used to make it for breakfast for my kids all the time. Once my bread machine died I never thought I'd be able to make a decent one again (I tried that one by hand and it didn't come out anywhere near as good), but this was just like it! The only changes I made:Increasing the cardamom to about a tablespoon (I love cardamom) Using only the egg white with the water for the egg washAdding a bit of cardamom and a sprinkle of nutmeg to the sugar at the endDecreasing the oven temp to 350 for about 25 min, then increasing to 375 for about 5-ish min to properly brown the topI did separate the dough into three pieces, but I braided those together to form one loaf - I prefer that shape and size. My boyfriend absolutely loved it, so much so that we had to take some to his best friend for their weekly "Sunday dinner" so they could enjoy it as well (with the stipulation that I make more this week for us, of course)!

This is the exact recipe my mother-in-law gave me. My family hints  quite often about craving it. I usually make it on snow days and for Easter.

I changed a couple things, first of all by following the advice of others on here and changing the oven temp to 350°, but also made them into rolls instead of how it's made here, added some marzipan while rolling, and some pearl sugar with the egg wash :)Turned out a lot like how my great grandmother and grandmother made it when I was younger. I definitely prefer the rolled version over the braided, though.

This recipe is amazing. I have to admit the bottoms do burn like she said. In order to prevent that I took it off the pan about 3/4 way through. I added extra cardamom along with the sugar on top and it came out amazing

We use the same recipe my great grandma brought from Finland. I have a feeling pulla (or "nisua", as we call it) has evolved since 100 years ago because her method is quite a bit different. Our version uses at least 2 x the amount of cardomom, it's not braided, and we don't put an egg wash on it (darkens too fast). When it's cool, we pour a syrup of extra strong coffee and sugar over it and then sprinkle more sugar on top of that. That's also how my great aunt Irya made it when I was a kid. It's amazing this way.

I've made this bread a couple of times now, and it's always wonderful. Goes great with homemade jam

One of the 3 this recipe made. Followed the recipe exactly. Came out perfect.

Delicious.

This takes some time to make, but it is worth it.  I plan to use the left-overs to make Creme Brulee French Toast, a favorite breakfast of ours.

