Yum! Easy to make and the kids loved it! I used 1/2 skim milk and 1/2 cream so it wasn't so heavy and it turned out great!

This recipe on its own isn't very good, but its a good start to the sauce!! I had to mix garlic, paprika, more flour, and butter to give it flavor and body.  After adding the extra spices it tasted very delicious!! Its a fast easy sauce and this is my second time making it *I didn't use the rosemary because I don't care for that spice*

Absolutely Delicious, and so so easy to make! Idid use milk instead of heavy cream, it turned out great! I'll likely add a few more herbs and spices next time after reading these reviews. I doubled the batch and paired it with some egg noodles and a green salad.  Definitely will become a regular menu item in my household!

I made about a pound and a half of meatballs to go with it  and used a whole bag of wide egg noodles, I would definitely double to recipe. Also, added sautéed onions, garlic and mushrooms.  Definitely was generous with the soy sauce and my tip is make sure you keep stirring. Family loved it !

This is a great base to start from! I didn't have rosemary so I added a little cinnamon, oregano, allspice and about 4 - 5 teaspoons of dried onion. You can make this anything you want. Added the meatballs...served over egg noodles and it was awesome!

I was brought up with swedish meatballs, that had a gravy made by drippings, but you forgot the nutmeg. Also, half and half works well without all the extra fat and calories.

Great recipe! Delicious and the whole family LOVED it!!

It was a good recipe. Took the flour and some butter and made a rue more like making gravy. Then add the heavy cream and broth, also added bullion cube for more beef flavor.

So easy to follow and delicious.

Easy and very tasty.

I doubled the recipe, used low sodium soy sauce. I used heavy cream only but feel that half heavy cream and half milk or half and half would likely have sufficed as well. I found the flour didn't quite thicken enough so I added a tablespoon of cornstarch. I used Roasted Beef flavor better than bouillon. I added a little rubbed sage for seasoning and some parsley. I used with Trader Joe's large italian style. meatballs and the kids just loved it, especially the sauce.

