Never use oil, only butter in the pan. The name in danish is Æbleskiver which means Appleslices (I know they're not slices, but that's the name). So if you want to make them like we do in Denmark, and always have done, you need to put a piece of apple in every one of them. 
When they're done cooking on one side put a small piece of skinless apple in to the middle, turn them around with a knitting needle to finish cooking them on the other side. You can also use applesauce instead.
Time to eat them, dip them in your favorite jam (we use jam from nordic berries like strawberry, my favorite), then dip them in icing sugar, eat and enjoy.
We're not only eating them at Christmas but at any occasion. More traditional Christmas cookies are ``Klejner (don't know what to call them in english)´´ and ``Pebernødder (peppernuts)´´.
I'll post recipes later.

We never used Aebleskiver's for Advent but did have them as a special breakfast on New Year's Morning and loved them with a dolop od Raspberry jam in the middle and warm Raspberry sauce over the top, or powdered sugar.  Also, a little to much oil, try using a pastry brush with butter, works great.

I have made this recipe dozens (if not hundreds) of times.  They are a favorite of my family.  I like to use a mini Aebleskiver plan and put a chocolate chip in each one for the kids.  Also they are best if you dust them with powdered sugar on top just before serving.  If I do not have any buttermilk handy I have substituted with 1.5 C milk, 1T apple cider vinegar, and .5 C yogurt and they turn out great.

I put blueberries in some of them.  I put smashed bananas in some of them.  I will cut the recipe in half for my family the next time I make these.

Came out beautiful and delicious and spherical! Love this recipe, the buttermilk is INSANELY good, we put cranberry sauce or brown sugar on them and they were amazing!

Filled with diced sautéed caramel cinnamon apple .

We've made this recipe many times: always on Christmas morning.  Always with an inherited pan.  Sometimes we use buttermilk, sometimes heavy cream, once in a great while beer (yes) or coconut milk or even almond milk when we were out of stock.  Always wonderful.

Delicious, what a fun Danish dish

I cut the recipe in half and it made 24 Aebleskivers.  I added 1/4 tsp vanilla and 1/4 tsp of apple pie spice to the halved recipe.  We served the aebleskivers with ligonberry jam!  The recipe made aebleskivers as good as Solvang!

This was delicious and will remake them again! Thank you!

Oh so good! My first few batches were messy (I recommend medium-ish to low heat) but the trial and error were totally worth it! I experimented with filling these delicious pancakes with berries, chocolate, mini Reese's cups (Note: SO GOOD!) and sausage, for a more savory taste. I didn't have any buttermilk, but I just did an 1/8th cup of lemon juice and 2 cups of milk. Also, covering these bad boys with powdered sugar... heaven. Highly recommend making these!

