I'm a salt freak, so the saltyness of this doesn't bother me so much, it was very good.  If you don't like too much of the salty flavor I would suggest putting the salmon in cold water for an hour or so after curing which will dissolve some of the salt.  I served each piece on a cucumber slice, with goat cheese, and a few mini capers on top each.

I have made this for years.  I use a lot more salt and sugar and allow this to rest at least 5 days turning twice a day, weighted.  Seems the longer it rests the more moisture is released and you get a smoother, slightly more dry  slice.  In my experience it matters not what you add to the set up, only the salt and sugar have effect

Loved the concept and end result of the salmon. Used dried dill but didn't think the flavour came through enough. Will definitely be making it again with crushed juniper berries and gin instead of vodka. My husband smokes salmon using juniper berries which we enjoy very much

I have made Gravlax several times with a recipe that is pretty much exactly like this one.  It takes a little nerve at first to get used to the idea of 'raw salmon'...but of course this is cured and not really raw.  It is flavorful and aromatic.  I love this stuff.

This was good but blander than some other gravlox recipes I've tried. After reading multiple complaints about the saltiness, I did cut down the salt a little; perhaps that was the problem. If you do make it, let it marinate for at least 48 hours, if not more.

I tried to stick to the recipe. I used Svedka 100% Swedish vodka. I really like it. My fiillets were pretty thick, so I'm going to let it marinate at least 48 hours. Probably a little longer. I'm really digging this stuff!

This was very good. Firstly, if you changed the spelling of the name of this recipe to "grav lax" or "gravad lax" more people could find it and make it!   I made it first time exactly as per recipe. Second time with less salt,  and it was much better. I used 2/3 cup of sugar to 1/3 cup of salt - for 4 pound of salmon. The pepper, vodka and dill were perfect. Also you can leave it in the fridge to cure for up to 5 days. Delicious, thanks for posting.

Very Easy to make. To get rid of saltiness I rinsed completely in water, patted dry then put back in fridge for an hour befoe serving. Came out perfect. So much cheaper (and tstier) than buying from the store.

I found the finished salmon way overly salty. I rinsed thoroughly and patted dry, which resulted in a very tasty dish. However, it also lost its dill and pepper when I rinsed. Other than re-applying, any suggestions? Can the amount of salt be cut without compromising the curing process?

I have made this for several years now....I always litely rinse the salt off....enough of the taste goes into the fish....I make a big batch ...we eat some at Thanksgiving, and then freeze some for Christmas

