This is a great recipe.  I've been making it for well over 25 years but haven't added the nutmeg, will do that now.  
The only things I do different is use margarine/butter in place of the shortening and take corn flakes, put them into a one cup measuring cup, crush them down with my hand until I have a cup, then sprinkle on the bottom crust before putting the apples (I use macintosh or cortland) on the crust.  It catches and absorbs the apple juices and no one would ever guess the bars contain cornflakes.

I have never rated a recipe with 1 star before, but I don't think this one deserves more than that.  First, the dough was a gloppy mess after adding the egg/milk mixture, so I had to add more and more flour to even get it to roll-out consistency.  Second, this calls for 10 apples - WAY too many for a 9x13 pan and the little amount of sugar it calls for.  I would say it only needs half the amount of apples (I used Braeburn).  Which brings me to the sugar - too little for all the fruit.  AND this definitely needs some cornstarch or something in the filling to thicken it up.  I was horrified that after baking time I pulled it out of the oven to see that there was boiling apple juice around the sides as that makes a soggy bottom crust.  So I had to hold the pan over the sink and tilt it to run all the liquid out and at least a cup of it came out.  THEN I was trying to cut and remove the bars (I made them as part of an order from my home baking business for a graduation party today) and it was a nightmare - the crust was slipping off the apples, all the apples were falling out of the center and not staying together, etc.  If I had time to make something else and chuck this entire batch I would.  It's basically like an apple pie, except the crust is tasteless and the filling not very desireable either.  Sorry, will not make again or recommend to others.

I have made this recipe twice and it turned out beautifully.Since apples are different sizes, I have found that about 6 cups of apples works best for a 9x13 pan.  Hope that helps!

I don’t understand why there are reviews on here about the dough being difficult to work with. I made the recipe exactly according to directions and the dough was super easy to work with and the bars turned out unbelievably good. I’ve grown up eating my mom’s homemade baked goodies - she was known for always having delicious treats on hand for everyone - and I was really impressed with these bars! They’re delicious!!!!!!

Very delicious recipe. Definitely a new favorite and will make again.

Great dessert. I found that it needs more apples and less sugar. I added 1 more apple and cut the sugar by half.

I made it almost the exact same way the recipe calls for. Only add extra half of a teaspoon of cinnamon just because we like cinnamon here, and did the lemon frosting on top like some others suggested. It is very good! I give it a 4 stars only because to me and my kids it's just like an apple pie, same taste and texture, only looks different and I was looking for a bar type of dessert. The frosting added a different note to it. 
I may keep doing it just because it uses more apples than my apple pie recipe and I like that it seems to have less apples in between the crust in comparison with apple pie and that for my liking is better. I guess that is something else different. Happy that I didn't waste my time but disappointing that wasn't what I was a looking for.

Didn't have enough shortening so used some butter.   The crust was excellent but a little hard to work with, probably because of the butter.   I will make it again and make sure I stick to the recipe.

Very good!  Almost as good as the apple squares my Mom used to make us...boy I miss her making those.  I will add a bit more sugar to the apples the next time I make these.  I can see how other fruits would be great also.  The crust is very nice, I did substitute 3 T. of the shortening to butter for a richer flavor.  And to avoid runny apples, I added 2 t. cornstarch with the apples.

These are amazing, however, I have another version of this recipe that my family has used for approx. 30 years. If you sprinkle crushed cornflakes over the bottom layer of crust (under the apples) it soaks up a lot of juice. (It does not stay crunchy!) I use approx 8 -10 cups of apples, and I just sprinkle the sugar mixture liberally over the apples. I usually increase the amount of sugar. If the dough is too soggy, I add a small amount of flour until it is the right consistency. I am not an apple pie lover, but I LOVE these!

I love this recipe but I have found that the dough is easier to work with when you use the egg white in the dough instead and whip the egg yolk with a bit of milk and cover the crust to help it golden.

