Can anyone give a helpful hint as to how to keep the flour mixture on the chicken?  Mine came off in the oil as it always does and so there is no coating!!

This is half of the recipe.  I would add two stirred raw eggs in a bowl.  Rinse chicken, season with pepper, lawrys season salt, garlic powder a sprinkle, dip in flour, dip in raw egg, then dip back into flour, put chicken in skillet now, flip 6 times 10 minutes on each side.  Now thats some REAL southern FRIED chicken!  Thats what I call SOUL FOOD!

I did brine the chicken about 4 hours in advance. ("Simple Chicken Brine" on this site)  And I double-dipped the pieces in flour.  Dip once and let rest for several minutes.  Dip a second time right before putting the pieces in oil.    Otherwise, followed this recipe exactly.  Was asked by several guests for the recipe.  The best, most flavorful fried chicken ever.  Didn't miss the garlic, onion or other flavors some have suggested.  This was tasty to the bone.

Family LOVED it!!
Tasty chicken - 5 brats divided in half/ third for 7 minutes/ side. Yum!

Love this! Next time, though, think I'll go a little heavier on the seasoning. Still tasty!

I let the chicken sit in cold buttermilk for about an hour and then went into the flour mixture which kept the flour on quite well. One caveat though is that I used an air fryer but otherwise it turned out super crispy and tasty.

Awesome recipe. Just what I was looking for. Follow it to a tee and it’s was fabulous.

I wished I had taken a picture of the finished chicken - however we started eating it right away! I read the comments and additional suggestions and it all came out great! Heated oil to right temperature, breading was nice and crispy without having to dip in eggs - also did put the chicken in ice cold water for 20 minutes! Do give it time to marinade!

Simple to prepare and chicken was really moist. Added more spices for extra flavor.

I have made this many times in the past.  After breading chicken put in the refrigerator for a half hour or more to set coating.  Then fry.

This (no egg) is how my mom made fried chicken when I was a kid.

She'd NOT wash the chicken, leaving the sticky exterior from the package in the fridge, then just dredge in flour.  Then she'd put all the pieces on a rack and let them soak up the flour for 20 minutes or so, then dredge again.  Fry in a quarter inch of veg oil,  first one side on high heat, then flip all the pieces, turn the heat down to low medium, and put the lid on, and cook for 20 minutes.  Then make gravy with the remaining oil and fond.

