Yum! These biscuits come out very light and fluffy with a rich (but not too rich) taste and mouthfeel. If you don't have self-rising flour (like me), use 2 cups less 4 tsp. sifted flour, 3 tsp. baking powder, and 1 tsp. salt.

Sad to say, these were not good.  I followed the recipe exactly, and the batter was the consistency  of pancake batter...not good for biscuits.  The texture was mealy and the flavor was thin.  My husband took one bite and no more.  very disappoint...is the recipe correct?

I make these all the time, my family loves them and this recipe is so simple( easy for someone who is not a real baking expert either!)

Awesome, my mom made these when I was a kid... After 15min had to lower temp. to 350 for 3 more min to get a clean toothpick... can add cheese,  garlic and some old bay seasoning for some cheddar Bay Biscuits.

They’re good but the recipe needs salt. I cooked for 12 minutes then put the oven on low broil for a couple minutes because the tops weren’t brown but the bottoms were

No didn't make any changes probably exactly as it was said everything come out fine just plain gravy on top of them show me the fine breakfast. Thanks for sharing.

Working, let's see, in the gas oven now. 8:49.  Too much mayo, I'll 1/2 the mayo. temp too high in gas oven lower to 350.

Turned out amazing. I added Italian herbs and garlic powder. I made 10 large ones. Definitely wait a bit for them to cool before handling as they are quite delicate.These would be amazing in strawberry shortcake

No

Been making biscuits like this my entire life, without the Mayo. Can't say how much better they are with those tablespoons of Mayo. Who knew! One thing though, if you want palm sized big fluffy biscuits then this recipe makes the classic 6 biscuits in a skillet. You will need to double the recipe for the 12. Try thyme  for added yummy-ness. About a tablespoon of dried a little less of fresh. I do not believe there is a better herb to pair with any bread.

Great recipe, will make again.

