Lots of people in the South eat pinto beans as a meal, but I had only eaten white beans this way. I chose to follow this recipe as a guideline rather than following it exactly. I decided to make this late in the day, so I did the quick soak method where I brought the beans and water to a boil and let them sit covered for an hour. I then poured off the water and used 2 cans of chicken broth and 4 cups of water. I omitted the ham hock because it makes food greasier than what I prefer. I did have to add more water as the beans cooked. When the beans were just tender, I added chopped onion, ham pieces, the brown sugar, and tomato sauce. I could not find a 6.5 oz. can of tomato sauce, so I used all of the 8 oz. can I bought. I cooked it all for another hour as the recipe states. I ate this for dinner accompanied with cornbread and green onions.

I featured this dish in a buffet lunch for 12 guests.  I began preparing it the day before.  I took the recipe through Step 4, then put it in the refrigerator overnight.Step 5 was executed in a slow cooker.  I used molasses instead of the brown sugar.  It was delicious!

I use smoked turkey leg instead of ham hock (relative is allergic to pork) and it turns out perfect.

We like our beans a little sweeter so I doubled the amount of brown sugar.  Even then, they are not very sweet, you get just a hint of the brown sugar. This recipe is simple and easy to make. To save time, we soak our beans the night before  and do one rinse in the morning.  1 lb of beans is not a lot so if you have 4 or more in your family and you enjoy leftovers the following day, consider doing 2 lbs of beans at a time and a 2nd batch of cornbread

Outstanding!  I used a ham bone and took about 2 c of meat off it. I did add a can of roasted green chiles. Yummy. Made a pan of cornbread and we were eating high on the hog!

I am always being asked to share my Pinto Bean recipe.  Best recipe ever

I've never had much success with dried bean recipes but these turned out great! I used twice as much tomato sauce (one 15 oz. can) and double the brown sugar.

I added some additional spices and will continue to tweak, but this is a solid good recipe.

I made it but without the ham hock.  I used a link sausage sliced in 1/4 pieces that I added when the beans were almost done.  Really, really good.

I added dried cherry tomato’s I had dried and frozen a couple years ago. They were a good addition, but the original was excellent.

