Really good and easy.  I used butter flavor shortening, and brushed w/ melted butter when they came out of the oven.  If you don't have self-rising flour, add 1 1/2t of baking powder and 1/4 to 1/2t salt to each cup of all purpose flour.

Was there an oversight on the overnight biscuits?  Should there not be some baking powder added in there somewhere?  I made these & was most careful to follow instructions exactly since I was really looking forward to them.  But they came out flat & uncooked, even after an extra 10 minutes in the oven.

For those of you confused about the lack of baking powder it is in self-rising flour. If you do not have self-rising flour you need to add the baking powder and salt. Usually that's one and a half teaspoons of baking powderand a quarter teaspoon of salt per cup of flour

I have made these a few times now and they always come out great. I add baking powder and salt since I don’t use self rising flour. One and a half teaspoons of baking powder and a quarter teaspoon of salt per cup of flour. Sprinkle a little flour over the dough  before you wrap it in plastic and when you open it up the next morning you can pat the dough out on the plastic wrap and cut it, transferring to the baking sheet with no mess. Light and fluffy biscuits!

This is an amazing recipe! Loved it! It actually worked! One reviewer had a question: wrap the dough or the bowl holding the dough...I wrapped the bowl holding the dough with plastic wrap and refrigerated it overnight. It is an awesome recipe. Will make again!!

Holy mole these are perfect and it took me 4 different recipes to find just the right kind of biscuit we were craving... pillowy, fluffy, soft and tasty.  I had to bake a bit longer since I didn’t roll them out thin enough and I worried they’d be hard or overly browned, but nope, absolutely perfect.

Made exactly as printed. Loved the ease, taste and number of biscuits.

Great !

These were the best, most fluffy and tasty biscuits I have ever made, even though I didn't have buttermilk.  I think the sugar must have increased the rise.  I made 1-1/2 recipes, using 2 cups whole milk, 1 cup heavy cream and 3 tbsp. white vinegar.  I did have to add an extra cup of flour (total of 7 cups) and I added 1 tsp of baking powder and 1/2 tsp of salt.  I cooked 4 biscuits for supper tonight and have 3 cake pans full in the refrigerator for tomorrow morning to take to a breakfast at work.

No changes and definitely will mke again..Thank You for Sharing...

I have no idea why everyone says this is good. The dough is too wet to knead (all it did was stick to my hands and the kneading surface) and adding enough flour to do so makes the biscuits inedible. What am I doing wrong?!

