The flavor of this chicken is awesome! We will definitely be making it again. I was out of eggs so I just didn't use them, which was fine. I do however think the cook time is too long. I tested my chicken 5 minutes before time and it was already at 200 degrees so I'm thinking maybe 10 minutes each side, maybe even less. Besides that the chicken was perfect! Making the gravy with some of the leftover flour however was not a good idea; it did not have a good flavor at all. I want to end on a good note so I'll state again, GREAT chicken! Thanks for the recipe! :)

This is a pretty good recipe. I think it needs more flavor, maybe more salt? I only made chicken legs and adjusted recipe for 3 servings. I was out of eggs so oiled the chicken for coating. I had a lot of left over flour but I have to say the coating stayed on well. Good healthy color for the chicken, not as crispy as I would like... but all-in-all an easy to follow, good recipe.

I used all drumsticks in this recipe. I fried for about 8-10 minutes per side to get them light golden brown. Done perfectly! I will add a little more flavoring to the flour mixture next time (salt, garlic powder) but overall good base recipe I will use again.

Best fried chicken! I never thought to only use eggs as the batter. I had always put a little milk in and that was not the key.
Thank you showing me the way to the most perfectly crisp chicken.

Delicious!!! Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  My family loved it

Since I am not a pro chicken fryer, I decided to try this recipe. I followed it to the letter until it came to cooking times. If I hadn’t stopped frying before the recipe called to do so it would have been even drier than it turned out. Very disappointing. I’m thinking the frying time should be half of what was suggested. Flavor was OK, but not worth the effort.

I do the same but skip the egg.  After the chicken is coated I put in on a rack and let it sit  for at least an hour before frying. Delish!

Perfect. So flavorful and crispy! Pop the chicken in the oil when it reaches 350, and monitor so it doesn't get too hot

Just made this for dinner, AWESOME! Added paprika and a little extra salt. Delicious!

definitely needs more salt. It was very bland

YUMMY!

