This is a great and very flavorful recipe for fried chicken.  I always soak my chicken in salt water first to get the blood out.  It make the chicken a lot more aestheically pleasing.

I tried this recipe and I thought it was pretty good but dry. I mixed the flour with the parmasean cheese and the spices because the recipe directions doesn't tell you what to do with the flour. After fixing the chicken I think that you should probably dredge the chicken in the flour and then in the milk and then in the bag with the spices.

my go to receipe for fried chicken. the best part is All of my kids love it. i have made popcorn chicken, chicken tenders, and chicken wings with it.

We did not make any changes and it was delicious.

Easy and tasted great

Followed recipe as suggested however, I dredged in milk and coating twice before I placed in frying pan.  Is absolutely delicious. Crunchy on the outside and juicy inside. Used only thighs due to it was the only chicken I had on hand. Will use this recipe as a staple for fried chicken in the future. Perhaps adding chili flakes or cayenne in coating for some extra kick.

I've tried different recipes for fried chicken and haven't really liked one. This one was rated a 5 star recipe from my husband. My picky kids also ate them! I took everyone's advice and double dipped as well as added more seasoning. Turned out nice and crunchy. Will be making this again!

for the people that couldnt get the batter to stick try frying it in a skillet for 5 mins. at a time and then re-dipping them. a lot of effort but worth it.

Made this last night and it was the best fried chicken I've ever made. I made a couple of changes:  I beat two eggs, dipped the chicken in the milk then the eggs then the coating.  I then did the process all over again resulting in a double coat. I did not have poultry seasoning, so I left it out. Instead of onion powder, I used the dried minced onions I had on hand. My husband and sons loved it. Highly recommend!

Followed the basic recipe making some changes as needed for our dietary restrictions.  (Different spices and coconut milk) I did double dip the chicken tenders.  My husband said they were the best he had ever had.  Tried the breading on zucchini last night, delicious!  This will go into our regular rotation.

loved it, it was very delicious and easy to make :)

