I'm from SC and have tried to make this many times with no success.  This recipe worked and the whole family loved it.  I did leave out the Italian seasoning and added salt and pepper.

I grew up in coastal SC and this is a fall and winter staple. I couldn't give this recipe all the stars, although it is a good place to start for beginners.  But on the downside, the Italian Seasoning is a u-turn in the wrong direction from the roots of this dish. I use about 2 lbs of meat- I generally use boneless skinless chicken thighs. To your biggest stock pot add the chicken.  If you’re using a whole chicken just cover it so that there is about 2 inches of water above the chicken. If you’re using parts use enough water so that it would cover the chicken even if you had double the amount of meat in the pot. Then add two halved onions, 2 carrots and 2 celery ribs cut so that they submerge about 10 whole cloves of garlic 2-4 bay leaves and 2 tbls black whole peppercorns and salt (½ tsp salt/cup water).  Then boil…3 hours should do the trick. When you’re done cooking the meat scoop out the meat and put it in a bowl and shred it when it is cool enough.  Throw out the aromatics – all that should be left is the broth – no need for bouillon or canned broth. If you used a whole chicken, you may want to skim off the fat. Measure your broth and then use the correct amount of rice. Put the chicken back in the pot with the broth, put in a diced link of (cooked) smoked sausage on top of the chicken and put the rice on top of the sausage and bring it to a boil. Cover it, reduce the heat to simmer and cook 20 minutes.  Stir well and taste- add a little pepper or salt and serve.

I have lived in South Carolina basically my whole life and have had quad Trible amounts of chicken bog. Never would most people on the coast and that are true South Carolinian's add Italian Seasoning, yuck! I go to the Loris chicken bog-off every year and the cooks are great at cooking the bog. I really prefer just chicken and rice the way my mom cooked it. There was never a grain of rice left. She used everything they do except it is a lot drier not soupy. The best in the world. You can make a meal off of just the chicken and rice. I like to have side dishes like deviled eggs, fried collards, potato salad and pan-fried cornbread.

It’s good. Our family has always added ketchup and Texas Pete and added sweet Yellow onion. We make it more runny like a stew. Perfect for fall days

I made the recipe but added some sweet peppers , fresh corn kernels, and finely chopped small carrots. No one liked it.  If I were to make it again I would make the rice alone and add everything else after.  Family thought perhaps as a side dish and not the main dish would be better.

It was delicious. The only thing I would do differently is use a baked hen instead of boiling the chicken.

Did not use Italian seasoning. The family loved it. I added 1 tbs lemon pepper to chicken for making broth. Otherwise pretty much stuck to the recipe. It was a hit. Will be having this again pretty soon.

I really really liked this recipe.  The only change was to saute some bell peppers, onion, and some garlic I had leftover from another meal.  I followed the recipe except not adding Italian seasoning, but I did add a little parsley for color.

Yeah, there are some amazing chicken bog recipes on here. This is a nice try, but really misses the mark. Find an  Allrecipes contributor from the Carolinas and you won't be disappointed. 
I do like the whole chicken simmered, separated and used for stock, but hold the italian seasoning...it gives the bog a menthol-like flavor, hold the Newports, and think Carolina bay (leaves).

Made this pretty much as written using what I had on hand. Which was BLSL chicken thighs and a 12-14 oz rope link of smoked sausage. Had about a cup and a half of rice left in a bag so used thst and added a bit more broth as well. Living at over 6200 ft it takes a bit more liquid to cook rice 
That being said, we loved it!  Hubby said it should go into my folder of $20 recipes!  It's a keeper!!! And a very good comfort food.  Yum!!!

I think the Italian seasoning is a bit too much. Otherwise good.

