Hi all...I'm the submitter of this recipe.  This recipe works best with CUT okra.  It is a little gooey/wet after microwaving and though you drain it on paper towels, it is still a little damp which helps the cornmeal/panko mixture stick.  I hope this helps.  Happy Eatting!

I really do like okra, but I had such a problem with the panko crumbs sticking to these with just the non-stick spray that they had me wanting to pull my hair out! I'm giving this a 2 star review because my okra hating husband said that I managed to get the slime out of them. I think if I were to attempt making these again, I would roll them in flour, then dip in an egg-wash and then roll in straight cornmeal. In my opinion, it was a waste of my panko crumbs. Thank you for submitting the recipe, I really did want to like it.

I think I'd leave them in longer next time so it gets a little crisper, but they were pretty tasty! I used Cajun seasoning in place of garlic salt and would probably add more of that next time too.

I used fresh okra. I dried the cut pieces on a paper towel in a bowl, then removed the paper towel and sprayed with butter spray, then tossed with corn meal mix and roasted garlic salt seasoning. A dash of tumeric added for a little extra pizzas.
I had to run up the temperature to450 at the end for about 5 minutes to get the browned crunchy texture we were looking for.
They came out great!

I would pass on this recipe - there are some flavor elements missing and I think coating the okra in egg like another recipe suggested might be the way to go.

, yum

I can’t stand okra unless it’s breaded. It’s so slimy. So I found this recipe and I didn’t have to throw the okra away. It came out delicious!
I didn’t have any corn meal so I used ground oats instead. They came out perfect! I read one of the reviews and the reviewer commented that she had trouble with the cornmeal not sticking to the okra. With the ground oats- I had no problem with it coating the okra. I will definitely make this again.

I used fresh okra, spray on olive oil, added some cajun spice and some minced dried onions. It is tasty, next time I might flour and egg it before I toss it into the cornmeal and panko mix.  I like a heavier coating. I  baked it on parchment paper at 380' for 30 mins.  I love to read the reviews and adapt with what sounds good.

The concept was great, and it's possible that trying to cook it in a toaster oven (because it's too hot to use the regular oven) was my problem. But I resorted to pan frying the okra because it just wasn't cooking. I will not make this recipe again.

It’s just ok.  But nothing like the fried okra I grew up on.

My husband and son really liked this version of "Fried Okra" - and my son is a very picky eater.  I adapted it as follows:

1) used fresh okra and cooked it in the microwave for 5 minutes before coating.

2) used a coating of 1/3 c. cornmeal, 1/8 c. flour and added 3/4 t seasoned salt, 3/4 t. garlic salt, 1/8 t. pepper and 1/8 t. paprika.  Next time I might add another 1/2 t. regular salt as well.

3)I sprayed the okra with Olive Oil before baking, but did so after I'd placed them on the baking sheet, not before I coated them with the cornmeal mixture.  4)  I baked them at 400 degrees for about 10 minutes, then flipped and baked another 10-15 minutes.   I used non-stick foil on a baking sheet to keep cleanup easy.

Tasted very similar to my mom's fried Okra but much healthier.

