In regards to removing the lining, the submitter did not include that because you are starting with frozen "cleaned" chitterlings.  (See recipe above). The main lining (the most rubbery fatty layer) has already been removed. There are a few good brands.  But even though they have been "cleaned" I still go through every inch and remove any specks.  I also double check the lining just to make sure. A key step is to boil them after cleaning (I would boil at least 5 minutes) and then drain and start with fresh water. This will keep you from having to continuously skim the water (spooning and dumping any foamy grayish looking stuff that rises to the top of the boiling water), though there may still be a little skimming to do. Incidentally there is still another layer of lining that can be further separated leaving the chitterlings almost paper thin.  However I find that the final result is while tender, much too thin. You want them tender, but you want a feel like you are eating something. One more thing. Contamination/Illness can happen. Keep kids/babies out of the kitchen and wash hands/nails, counters, etc. thoroughly after handling (use bleach). The USDA even suggest boiling for 5 minutes before cleaning, to kill bacteria (will not change flavor). It also may help the cleaning go easier.

I must add that cleaning chitterlings is a little more involved than removing specks, etc.  There is an inner lining that is translucent and must be removed prior to cooking, resulting in an end product has never been touched by the waste material that passed through the intestines.  Otherwise you cannot call them clean.

Great recipe

It's the best recipe I've found.

It was  scrumpnanomous !

I didn’t add the potatoes. But it came out great.

This was my first time making chitterlings, I don’t eat them...but my husband loved them. I’m definitely saving this as a favorite.

Yes, I added cilantro and fresh basil and four jalapenos  sliced....It turned out fantastic!

Yupper..delishhh

This is how I always make my chitlins minus the bell pepper and celery - tasty!!!

I've been making "chitlins" for years and never realized how bland my old recipe was until I tried this one. The highlight of my old "recipe" was the hot sauce that I drowned them in afterwards. While I still loves me some hot sauce, it is only optional with this recipe. I've made it twice, both times exactly as written except that I didn't actually measure any of the spices the 2nd time around and I left out the red pepper flakes because seeing them reminds me of some of the bits and pieces found in unclean chitterlings. I prefer offering it as a condiment.

Thanks for sharing this recipe!

