For folks who think or have read that okra is too slimey to enjoy- try this recipe! I found this recipe delicious, a snap to make, and it's really healthy.  I used a can of real Italian cherry tomatoes, fresh thyme, and added a bit more garlic, and it was wonderful. Okra-phobes, you won't regret trying this!

I followed the recipe except I used fresh okra from the garden and I had a bunch.  I sautéed it with the onion and garlic. My new southern ratatouille!!

I've never had Creole food before, so I can't comment on authenticity. But I bought a bunch of frozen okra on special though, and wanted to find something to make with it and came across this recipe after a Google search. I'm surprised at how good this was, and despite not having a lot of added spices it was just so full of flavour. I made the recipe (almost) exactly as written, using fresh herbs and canned Italian tomatoes. I added some extra cherry tomatoes though as I had a punnet that was going to spoil and needed to be used. I ate it with some lemon quinoa, but I have plenty of leftovers and might serve it up with some fish or seafood tomorrow. Absolutely amazing, going to add this to my regular meal rotation :)

I made just like the directions, my husband and I loved it out seventeen son said it needed to be hotter. So he added hot sauce.

Love this! Okra is an excellent source of fiber. I have made this several times. I think it's good with a sprinkle of Louisiana Cajun seasoning mix. Good comfort food.

Very good, I added shrimp which made it even better

nice starting point for trying out frozen okra.. i subbed margarine for the olive oil.. used a little less onion.. left out the bell pepper and used rotel instead of plain canned tomatoes to make up for it.. added some apple cider vinegar but think i would do lemon if i try this again.. i sprinkled chopped cilantro and green onion over the finished product.. i rang out my okra in a cloth napkin and it was minimally slimy once cooked through.. thanks for the recipe

I've made this dish several times now, it's really easy, especially with the cut frozen okra, and not at all slimey.

Delicious! I made some adjustments based on what I had on hand. I only had a cup of fresh okra, and I used 1/2 TBSP of dried parsley instead of fresh. Otherwise, I followed the proportions in the recipe. I served the dish over rice, and it was fantastic. The okra was perfect, not slimy at all, and the cayenne provided a nice hint of heat.

This recipe is so delicious, just like my grandma's. The only thing I added was a dash of celery seeds. Will definitely make again & again..????

