Got a few tips. 
Don't mix different greens; they have a variety of cooking times. 
Washing greens is VERY important. I soak for 1 hour in a large stockpot. I pull them from the water, (pour on your plants) and individually rinse each leaf in running water, placing each wet leaf on a large cutting board, facing the same way for easier cutting. In batches, I chop off the tip of the stem (hello, compost pile). Then I chop the stems all up in 1/4" slices and put in the cold skillet, reserving the leaf. 
I use my largest cast-iron skillet that has a tight fitting lid. Bacon fat is great, or olive oil, but my fave is my own homemade chicken broth. I add  1/2 cup in the bottom of the skillet to stems with 4-5 minced garlic cloves, cover and cook on  medium heat while I am chopping up the leaves. (This lets the tougher stems and garlic tenderize a bit and flavor the broth.)
I chop up all the wet leaves into bite-sized pieces, toss them in the skillet (be careful, it is hot!) and cover, cook on low heat and set the timer for 10 minutes (because you may need more broth). Depending on your burner, you may need to add more broth to this concoction to keep it moist every 10 minutes. I have eaten them after 10 minutes; I have also waited until the rest of dinner was ready, after an hour (better)! Just keep 'em wet. Serving time... drizzle on Bragg's Amino Acid to kick up a salty flavor, without adding sodium! For high blood pressure, it's the best salt substitute EVER!
Thanks rjkuns!

I consider myself to be an expert at cooking collard greens. I had heard about stir-frying or sautéing greens, so when I came across this recipe, it seemed like it might be worth a try. Well, I could not be more wrong. 
I did not use a mix of greens, just collard greens. I  had more than a "mess" of green, probably about 3 bunches and it took way too long to sauté them. I thought this would be a quick way to get delicious greens, but it was more work preparing greens this way than my normal way. After what seemed to be at least 45 min., maybe more, I sampled the greens. They were still tough and the stems did not cook down enough for me.  The taste was also very bland. 
I added some broth, water and additional season and boiled for at least another 45 min. Still did not like the greens. They were still tough, bland and the stems were not to my liking. I added more water and cooked for at least another hour. The same results. It does not seem as if the greens were any more tender than before I added the additional liquids. After the rave reviews, I am definitely disappointed and won't be making this dish again.

Great use for my jar of bacon grease! The only thing I would add is a tablespoon of cider vinegar before serving if you like it tangy. I saw a review that complained of the stems being tough...uh...Ya don't EAT the stems! Fold leaves in half lengthwise then simply rip out the stem from the bottom...where it breaks naturally is what is edible.

This is the best green recipe fI’ve ever made and it’s so easy. I added some smoked turkey necks along with one hot pepper

I'm old school. I think the longer way is the best way to cook. But, one very important tip for NEW cooks is that cooking time varies with greens. My Grandmother always said to wait until the 'first frost' of the season fell - then the greens are much more tender and will cook up quicker.

Nothing about this tasted good. The title is very misleading. It needs meat, more seasoning, one type of greens, and a longer cook time to be the "RIGHT WAY' to cook greens.

I did it the fast way. Turned out good even with turkey bacon

Great recipe! A "mess" of greens was the perfect amount for my family! The best part about this recipe is the Cook's Notes!

I started with two bunches of collard greens, rinsed them and removed the stems, and tore the greens into bite-sized pieces.  Next, I rendered a skillet full of sliced salt pork, pulled the semi-cooked pork out and used the renderings to wilt the greens.  I placed the rendered pork into a pot with 4 cups of water and brought it to a boil.  After the greens cooked down, I added them to the boiling water, covered and simmered on low heat for an hour.  I added no more salt and they were perfect!  If my southern-raised mother were still alive, she would be impressed!  This is easy and fantastic!

Thank you rjkuns for posting. There are sooo many recipes for greens with some requiring many ingredients and cooking time. We have brought it down to your simplicity level. BAM! 20 minutes we had perfect collards. Anybody could add anything to the pot, but this is just the base that showcases the ease of cooking greens!

Thanks for this recipe!  It was perfect!  My husband walked in with fresh turnip greens that the neighbor had given him, it was late and I needed a quick recipe. I fried some bacon in my black skillet, and after cutting the stems out of the greens and soaking them in salt water with a little white vinegar, I rinsed them and sautéed them in the black skillet with the bacon drippings. While they sautéed, I started boiling some water and tossed the pieces of bacon right in there to continue the flavor. As the greens wilted and turned a beautiful bright green I added them to the boiling water and continued adding greens until they were all wilted and in the boiling water. I poured the remaining bacon drippings from the skillet into the boiling greens and added some chicken broth and fresh ground black pepper. Put the lid on the pot of greens and let boil about 30 minutes - perfect!

