I've been making mixed greens for years and have never come across a recipe that calls for sugar. I honestly planned to add the sugar, but when push came to shove, I couldn't do it. Instead, I sweetened greens the way I always have: caramelized onions. I diced one large onion and cooked it in olive oil (I didn't have vegetable oil, but olives are veggies, right?). Anyway, I sauteed them over low heat for 25 minutes... until the onions turned lightly brown. Caramelized onions will sweeten anything with a depth that can make you swoon. So okay... I couldn't bring myself to resort to sugar. My tried and true worked just fine. The end result was tasty indeed.

I washed and rinsed the greens in broth, as directed but I'm not sure the broth made any difference. I didn't add 2 c. of broth to the pot because covered greens will steam — using the pot's heat — making for denser vitamins and minerals. And the cooking time is a little less without added water or brother (closer to 40 minutes than an hour. I added the garlic toward the end of the cooking to avoid burning it. The bacon bits were a nice addition to my usual recipe (I normally add a small amount of red pepper flakes), so that made for a nice change. I can give it a recommendation to try it (ideally with caramelized onions): mixed greens are so very good for you!

So-so recipe, but I never add sugar. I use smoked turkey wings ( normally just one) for seasoning instead of ham hocks or salt pork. Boil the wings until the meat falls off the bone and all them to the greens to cook. I will add seasoning salt & pepper, some red pepper flakes, and a dash of garlic powder.

Leave out the soaking with salt/broth and the sugar. Greens are vegetable and not dessert.

At 82.5 yo, I have cooked greens many, many times. When washing, I soak in warm water and baking soda. It will lift any soil/debris from the leaves. I also soak dried beans for an hour in the same way. The broth the greens create when cooking, has many vitamins and nutrients. I cook greens a couple of hours. Never had a bad batch. Now I use the crockpot.

Made this dish as a side for Sunday dinner! It was a hit, delicious combination!

I used bacon grease instead of vegetable oil.   Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!

Yes, add sugar! Adjust the sugar to your taste. Good southern greens need a vinegar, sugar, salt, red pepper flakes, and a smoky fat source to make a great pot liquor. It's all about the pot liquor to make a great bowl of greens!

It was WAY too sweet!  I'd cut sugar in half, at least.  I added some white balsamic vinegar after cooking to cut through the sweetness.

Also, the ingredients are quite vague - 1 bunch of - (the greens) doesn't really tell me a quantity.  I like more specifics, I guess, but used more than I thought was necessary.  All the other quantities seemed to work out fine with the amount of greens I had, (with the exception of the sugar) so perhaps my estimate was ok.

I will try again, as I have a garden with a very large quantity of fresh greens right now.

Used frozen turnip greens with diced turnips.  Reduced the flavorings a lot.

It's been such a long time since I last made a pot of greens using my grandmother's tried and true methodology that I sought out a 5-star recipe that matched up close enough to her word of mouth recipe that it caught my attention.  Yes, indeed, this recipe is perfect, minus the sugar.  I too use caramelized onions, and the final result made all taste buds do a happy dance!  Excellent recipe and it's good to have one in writing since my recollection is mental recipes is diminishing with age!  Thanks for sharing!

This recipe truly is the most "Perfect Greens" I have ever eaten.  I did reduce the amount of sugar to two sugar packets and they were still wonderful.

