I really love this recipe. I moved to the South a few years ago and have been looking for a good recipe like the cheese grits they serve at some restaurants here. The only change I made was stirring in 2 eggs before cooking. My family just loves this recipe - great comfort food!

I will never again make grits using milk.  Didn't like the taste of the grits.  Prefer using water or chicken broth.

I've been eating grits since I was a baby I'm from South Texas fried grits eggs and bacon. But this recipe was really great because it's a mess frying grits in a skillet baking medic so much better and the milk I enjoyed it add an egg slightly beaten it was kind of like a souffle southern style. Some cornbread to fried eggs over medium bon appetit thank you for your recipe

OMg before I even put them in the oven they were delicious. Now with slow cooker short ribs we are going to be falling and full tonight. This city girl is a big fan.

Simple. Good.

Using the basic recipe, I thought it exceptional. I have since experimented with other additions, such as adding more garlic, adding aged British cheddar and also adding a solid tablespoon of chicken base to the initial liquid. One may also add jalapeño or chipotle to give it all a kick of spice.

Cut recipe in half to serve as a side dish with ribs. Usually have mac n cheese but wanted something different. Skipped last butter ingredient and used only cheddar cheese. Really liked it! Sat heavy in the belly like any homemade Mac n cheese. Will make again!!

This recipe is my go-to! I wasn’t really a fan of grits until these found their way to my mouth. Now when I make these I keep a spoon in the pan! 
I did make a couple of adjustments because of preference - the recipe still gets all 5 stars! I added two eggs, as others suggested. I add 2 small cans of chopped green chiles, drained. Lastly I use Bob’s Red Mill Yellow Grits/Polenta because they have a stronger corn flavor - like corn tortillas. If I’m being fancy I use only smoked gouda & sprinkle crisp bacon on the top before serving. They freeze well. They half well. They double well. They don’t keep well because they’re eaten too quickly. Delicious for breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks, even if you’re not hungry. I’m finished typing - off to make a pan of this yumminess. 

*Honestly, I struggle with reviewers who give a 1 or 2 star rating simply because they adjusted a recipe to fit their taste.

Perfect just as written!  Thanks, I expect to make this often.

I followed the recipe except I didn't bake it. It was delicious and creamy.

I've made this over and over for friends and family. It's always a hit! 5 stars every time!

