We liked this recipe very much...I used crushed red pepper...not too much...and make sure you add enough salt!!!  Keep tasting until you get it right...it will be bitter if not enough salt!!!  Thanks for sharing this!!!

This must be the "Yankee Version"....it's not bad, but it's not Red Eye Gravy!  Real Southern-Style Red Eye Gravy does not have flour or added oil.  It's basically just ham grease (cooked off a good country ham) and black coffee.   Maybe a little water to stretch it a bit.   And it must be served with hot grits and homemade Buttermilk Biscuits!  Apple Butter and Fried Eggs, optional!   Boy, I miss my grandmother.  She made the BEST breakfasts!  :-)

I put a little butter in the skillet right before adding ham bits. Honey baked ham is perfect for this. I then sprinkle the ham lightly with a little dark brown sugar. When you flip the ham the brown sugar will glaze the pan and the ham and darken nicely. I then remove the ham and quickly fry couple eggs over easy. The eggs will pick up a beautiful brown color. Remove the eggs and immediately add your black coffee. Stir until pan is deglazed and pour gravy over eggs, ham and grits. I'm in south Louisiana now and most people here have never heard of red-eyed gravy.

Really great! My changes were instead of using ham slice, I trimmed fat off my ham after I baked it and rendered the fat in a pan.. I removed the large pieces once rendered and proceeded with remaining recipe as directed.... OMGYUM

Omg

Easy to make, and yes, taste and season as you go. This recipe is really delicious!

I made this for left over ham. The gravy added a new taste element so it wasn't the same old ham.

I’m from NC and grew up on red eye gravy. My grandma  made this a lot. It was different than this recipe though. She just cooked country ham till it was a little browned and crispy on the edges, long enough to render the fat. Next she would add coffee to the pan and a pinch of sugar. Never saw her add anything else. My grandfather would add some hot sauce when it was on his plate. It’s really simple but the sweet, salty and coffee flavor served with grits, scrambled eggs and homemade biscuits. Man! it was good. I still make it sometimes but it never taste as good as hers did.

You need to add salt to ham steaks.  This is not Country Ham folks!  To separate this gravy from the rest, add 1/3 cup of strong black coffee and 1/3 cup of coke. (not diet) A secret of small Diners across the South.

It was to soooo good!! Thank you so much for finally explaining it clearly. I can't believe I have never tried this before.  I only wish it had made more. I would like to try to figure out a way to make more,  Hogs just don't have a lot of fat on them these days.  I am married to a farmer.  I left out the cayenne because the farmer can't take spice, but I bet it's awesome with it.  Next time i would probably add more fat to possibly double in the end?  i had to add water a couple of times during the browning of the ham by the way. I just used a slice of ham which might be part of the lack of fat problem.  Anyway it was worth it and i will do it every time I make a slice of ham or a whole ham. Just amazing. Even Farmer Brown liked it and his palette is plain, lol   Thank you so much for sharing!

Best ham I've had since  i was a kid. Gravy is what gave it the good  flavor and added to the tenderness  of the meat.  Gravy was easy to make. Good recipe.

