Okay, for all of you who don't know the right way to eat greens, listen up:  FIRST, respectfully forget Brad's recipe above this one -- YOU DON'T PUT SUGAR IN COLLARD GREENS.  I am from Georgia and I know.  Turnip greens maybe, but not collards!  SECOND, you MUST eat collard greens with chopped raw tomatoes and chopped raw onions sprinkled on top (plus pepper sauce if you like it, but if you don't know what this is, forget it, I'm not going into it.  Well, okay, I'll try.  Suffice it to say it's peppers stuffed into a bottle of white vinegar and left to sit either on a shelf (how the oldens did it) or in the fridge for a few months, then you sprinkle the juice on the greens -- but don't ask me what kind of peppers.  I just know they're green, medium hot, and I know them when I see them).  THIRD, if you don't want the fat of hamhock or salt pork, you can use smoked turkey wings and the flavor is still quite good.  But whatever you do, DON'T try to cook collard greens without some kind of salted meat.

If you need to leave out the meat like one review suggested (by using olive oil) you will be missing the much needed saltly, smokey flavor.  You can try adding salt and liquid smoke or even better chiptole jalapenos for a little spice.

I have been cooking greens, collards, mustard and turnip greens for a long time, and I've NEVER put sugar in them. I'm from a small town in Louisiana, and we don't do sugar in greens.

I left out the pepperflakes because of my husband.  I also used a mix of 4 greens this time...collards, kale, mustard, & turnip.  I don't eat meat,  but my sons & husband loved the dish.  Thank you!

Southern Collard Greens

Absolutely Wonderful   (don't change a thing !!!)

Been eating southern collards all my life, and always used mama's recipe. Married a California girl who surprised me with this recipe (with the additional step of chopping finely after cooking), and I gotta say it was pretty darn good. Thanks Allrecipes. Hardest part was finding a proper ham hock.

I am 75 yrs old, raised in rural Fla.   Been cooking collards for over 60 years.  This is a good recipe, but everyone may add or change an ingredient according to how their family likes it,  what is available, or for economic needs.  All good,  let's not debate over sugar, garlic or chicken broth.  It's a personal choice.  Just use cleaned greens,  a little smoked meat, onions & whatever one enjoys, a little hot peppers, etc.  This is an excellent recipe!

I enjoyed this recipe and I'll make it again!!!

I added fresh okra to the pot once my collards were done.. I also made pepper sauce to eat with my greens and corn bread.. #southerngirl

My family absolutely loved this recipe! My husband's family comes from a long line of collard eaters, and this recipe was a crowd pleaser! Thank you for sharing!
I did leave out the oil, and topped them with pepper vinegar.

Made this for New Year's Day and turned out great! The perfect and simple greens recipe we were looking for. We used a few slices of bacon instead of the ham hock.

