Excellent!  I did make a couple of changes though.  I used fresh black eyed peas and cooked them in 1/2 beef broth and 1/2 water (do not use the recipe's water measurements--way to much water!).  I only used 1 onion (b/c that's all I had) and 1 tsp onion powder.  I substituted 2 cloves of fresh minced garlic for the powder.  My can of tomatoes were petite diced w/ bell pepper, celery, & onion.  I like my beans with a bit of a kick so I also added cajun seasoning.  I only used about 1.5 cups of ham because that's all I had on hand.  Everyone loved it...even the kids! De-lish!

Did not like this. did not have enough flavor.

Because I made 2 changes I am actually rating my own recipe.  I used minced garlic rather than powder and did not puree the tomatoes (lazy, didn't want to get out the blender).  It turned out just fine, everyone ate it, did not rave about it but did not say they didn't like it either.

I used this recipe as a base and made modifications to add some flavor. I soaked peas overnight. I added 1 bay leaf and 1 jalapeno finely chopped. I used 4 cups chicken broth instead of plain water. I used 1 can petite diced tomatoes and did not puree. Cooked over stovetop on low heat 1.5 hours and texture of peas was perfect. Served with rice and corn bread.

This recipe is excellent as written. I am asked to make it every year for our  New Year’s Eve celebration.

My husband and father went in for seconds — mind you this is the same husband that stated for days how he does not like black eye peas — ever. It was his idea to substitute the ham for bacon. We had ham for Christmas and were over it. We used 2 cans of hot Rotel tomatoes instead of the whole tomatoes. The kids liked it too, but too spicy for the girls. Oh yeah — the husband wouldn’t let me dump what was left because he wants to revisit them today. Great recipe! Easy too

Will make again. First time I really enjoyed eating Black-Eyed Peas. I rinsed, soaked overnight, rinsed again and started cooking peas. I added veggie base to 8 cups water and after cooking about 45 minutes I followed someone else's suggestion to drain and rinse them again. Then I added fried bacon and onions cooked with the bacon, garlic and Rotel that was blended. I also added water and two beef bouillon cubes. Then cooked another hour and 1/2. Everyone enjoyed and the peas did not have the typical earthy flavor I experience with everyone else's peas I have tried.

Very good.  Recipe made a huge amount.  I will cut it in half next time and will still have enough to share at a pot luck.

If you watched your mom make black-eyed peas for New Year's when you were a kid but never learned how, this is a great starter recipe. If you follow "as is", you will get a great result. I have been using this recipe for several years and never gone wrong except for one thing. My mom always used ham hock to help season the beans,so I used ham hock as well but have never felt like my beans were actually GETTING the benefit of the ham hock flavor (I was just adding it to the pot, nothing special). THIS YEAR I decided to try something different. I actually scored the ham hock and then boiled them on their own in water until tender (a couple of hours). I then reduced the ham hock water, let it cool (I made the stock the day before since I had to soak the beans anyway) and then used the ham hock water to cook the beans. OMG! What a difference! I then add my other seasonings toward the middle of the cook, instead of the beginning (especially salt since the ham adds saltiness) and added the ham hock meat back in to heat just before serving. After several years of making these, using these tweaks yielded the best black-eyes peas I have ever made. EVERYONE (including my children) devoured them!

Yummy!

Delicious! Made it again, the more you eat the better it tastes.It also thickens after it sets in frig a few days. I say make it ahead and reward it up! Thinking ahead brings Good-luck for the New Year!

