We liked the extra depth of flavor that the bbq/steak & worster added.. didn't use as much of the bbq tho. Remember to flour the pieces first before egging and re breading.. it adheres much better.

Not what I expected at all. The breading came out massively thick and softer even after cooking longer. Could have done something wrong but I don't think this is my kind of recipe. I would be willing to try again but will not dredge chicken more then once.

Double dredged cut thigh chunks,  soo good!! Definatally using this recipe again,  juicy! Flavorful! Can't get enough

Great simple recipe for a newby deep fryer, thanks

I just didn't care  for the taste, it was way too barbeque-y for my tastes.

I'm not a chicken fryer by far. But the chicken was cook thoroughly (has ALWAYS been my issue) and it was crunchy.  But that flour mixture could have used more seasoning. The outside was a lil bland but the meat itself was seasoned. I used Ranch seasoning for extra flavor. I love the buttermilk egg batter. I think that was the key to the crunchiness. And I coated with flour first, then batter, then flour again as suggested by another user. All in all I'm pleased and will used this recipe again and once I tweak the seasoning I'm sure I'll bump this up to ??????????

I heated the oil to 375.  The breading burned in under 1 minute.

This receipt was easy and  delicious. The chicken was moist  and flavorful. I would definitely make it again. Thank you!

Just made it - very disappointing.  Hunks of the breading didn't stay attacted and ended up burning to the bottom of the pan.  Also takes a lot longer to cook the chicken through.  No a complete disaster, as the chicken had a nice taste, even if no "fried" stuff around it.

A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!! These are now a regular request in our household!! I use boneless skinless breasts and marinade for (almost) 24 hours. They are a huge hit!! The chicken strips require no dipping sauce at all and are moist and juicy. Thank you soooo much for this recipe!!

I followed the recipe as given to the letter. As soon as the hot oil (350 degrees) hits that batter the sugar from that BBQ sauce starts turning black, and then it turns to charcoal before the chicken is done. What a disaster. I had to peal the batter off it to get something the family could eat.

