I give this 4 out of 5 because it is a good recipe true to form, but there are some techniques that could help make sure the beans turn out the way you want them to - that is, nice and creamy beans in a relatively thick cooking liquid. So here's the trick: brine your beans overnight in plenty of water and 2-3 tablespoons of salt. You may worry they'll be salty. They will be. But you'll dump a lot of that salty water off. Because you've done this, don't add any salt to the recipe until the end to suit your tastes. Since you've now brined them, add them to the pot with water to cover, add your other ingredients (I soften my onion and garlic in a little oil over medium heat first), and bring to a boil. Reduce to a VIGOROUS simmer for 45-60 minutes. Stir occasionally. That simmer will give you the thick cooking liquid. After that, you can add more seasonings or ham if you like, and continue to simmer until your beans are all nice and soft - maybe up to 30 minutes or so. Another note, I love to use up a left over ham bone if there's one lying around, and add a bay leaf or 2 to the mix. If you have bean issues (your beans are always crumbly and not creamy), then definitely give these tips a whirl and see if it doesn't help!

My hubby raved about this one, he's a big "southern cookin'" fan.  :) 

One thing to note, MAKE SURE you don't keep the pot covered when it is simmering for the 3 hours.  I checked on mine about halfway though, and all the liquid had dried up, and the beans were scorching on the bottom of the pot.  Thankfully I caught it in time, before anything was burnt too badly, added water, more chili powder and salt and pepper to the mix, and it came out fine in the end.  I didn't even notice any extra "smoke" in the taste. ;)

I took the original authors recommendation and used 4 cups chicken stock and 4 cups water.Another time I was pressed for time and substituted six cans of beans, drained, and used only 4 cups chicken stock. Both times it was absolutely delicious!

I made this version for the first time today to share with a neighbor.  Absolutely delicious.  I did replace part of the water with homemade unsalted chicken broth.  About 3 cups.

The flavors in this were amazing.  We used our Honey Baked Ham hock and there was a nice bit of meat on the bone.    It has been added to my rotation!

Tastes heavenly.

When I am in the mood for Ham and Beans, I always use this recipe.

My husband loved it!

These beans are perfect and they taste like home, if that makes sense.

My wife was very happy with this dish last night.  I did add a 4 oz can of green chiles to the recipe, but the rest was straight.  I am glad I found a post by the recipe's originator that half the liquid is chicken stock and to leave the salt until the end.  The flavor was very good.  I chucked the ham hock after six hours and diced up some good ham for the last few minutes on the stove.  With cornbread and crispy fried potatoes, this is a great meal.ETA 6/17/23:  I don't use a ham hock at all now.  I use 8 oz. of a good ham instead.

This was my first attempt at “pinto beans” and cornbread.  My husband loved this meal growing up, but it was never my favorite, so I never took the time to try!

But since we are all in quarantine, I needed some fresh ideas, and we had leftover ham from Easter, so I gave it a whirl!

OMG, these were fantastic!  Super easy to make, and I did let them cook for about 7 hours before we ate them. I even took some to my grandmother and she said they were the best ever as well!

