Mercy!  Good eatin'! I served with french fried sweet potatoes dusted with sugar and cinnamon; creamy coleslaw with some chopped jalepenos, celery seed and green onion.  Might want to have an antacid around....

Way too much breading left over.  I was reluctant to put all that cayenne pepper in for fear it would be too spicy, but it was good.  Top waffle cold (frozen) and bottom waffle soggy.  Chicken tasted great.

The sauce is better than you think and tastes even better after being refrigerated for a bit. It's a good combination of flavors and the chicken is good and spicy. This author is definitely not afraid of spice and flavor!

Tried exactly as it reads, it is perfect. The Mayo is great.

I sort of made this earlier today.  I wanted some waffles but did not want the normal amount of maple syrup that goes on waffles which would put me into sugar shock later in the morning.  So basically I made this just for the sauce.  I made a home made Belgian 7" - 8" waffle and I put a good quality chicken nugget on each fourth of waffle.  The sauce is what made the recipe!  Since I was only doing the one waffle I made only a 1/4 size portion.  It was delicious.  I have some left over and will be trying it on a brisket sandwich for lunch.   I would never have thought of this combo of flavors in the sauce.  Thank you so much for making it available.

The sauce is amazing! I have to make a ton extra cause my wife will put it on everything!!

Chicken tenders were wonderful

made this for  dinner and it was great.   We loved the sauce.   my husband added some hot sauce to his for an extra kick.

Fabulous recipe!  I made it as instructed.   Every bite was delicious!  Not a morsel left!

This was our first attempt at chicken and waffles after drooling over its reputation so often on various TV food shows.  Delicious.  We made our own savoury buttermilk waffles which in our humble opinion made it even better! This won't be the last time we gorge on this for supper.

I only made the fried chicken portion of this recipe, but, holy smokes! The batter is so crispy and light with the perfect amount of spice from the cayenne!

