I made this with fresh okra (sliced then soaked in milk for 15 mins to get rid of the sliminess) and canned diced tomatoes and fresh. This was a nice fresh-tasting side dish. I think some corn would work well with it too. Thanks!

I made this with fresh okra instead of frozen, but otherwise followed the recipe at least to the end. When made, I thought the recipe would have been better with about half of the amount of cayenne pepper, as I thought it overwhelmed the balance of flavors. Normally, the stewed tomatoes will add the sweetness, but in this case (because of the cayenne) it needed some sugar. I added almost a TB before thinking it was back in balance. I'll make it again, but will not add all the pepper called for. BTW: One of the reasons I tried this dish was because of the cayenne. I love hot peppers.

I like the recipe for it's ease. However, using only one half the amount of cayenne, it was still too spicy. And I like highly spiced foods. I recommend only 1/4 t. of cayenne. Other than that, it's good.

This was a very quick and easy recipe. I was able to make it before my aunt got out of church. Thank you so very much ❤️

I thought it was wonderful, the only change I made was that I used fresh Okra  and tomatoes, but also used canned Stewed tomatoes.  Everything  else was as the recipe directed.

Delicious!  Went with fresh okra and fresh tomatoes and went by the recipe otherwise.  Best I have ever made!

This is a great recipe!  I used 1lb of fresh okra and 2.3lbs of fresh tomatoes from my garden.  Also added 1tbls. of  fresh oregano garlic and onion powder.

This is the second time I've made this delicious and healthy dish. Shared it with a grocery store shopper, said spouse would love it. I did not make any changes to this recipe.

I have been making this recipe for four years now. Delicious! Nothing compares. Simple ingredients. Simply south. Simply Delicious!

I have never made okra before, but I will be making it again! This was a great recipe. I seem to tweak everything to make it mine,  but this is a wonderful recipe to work with!  I used fire roasted diced tomatoes, and the stewed tomatoes. I probably added a bit more garlic, a bit less onion, and a bit more green pepper. I love cayenne, too! I just took it to work as a side dish for Shrimp Etouffee that our boss is making. I'll let you know how it was received!

Quick, easy and very delicious!!!

