thank you for a great starter recipe...First let me say i have never made Red Beans from scratch that I liked... but i LOVED these. 
I did do a little tweaking to my taste...I put 2 cloves garlic, added 1/2# ham chunks which i cooked with the beans (held the sausage until after cooking under pressure)1 Tbsp Worcestershire Sauce 1 tsp thyme 1 chicken bouillon cube and 1 tsp Tabasco Chipotle sauce extra bay leaf.... i did soak my beans about 4 hrs and cooked in pressure cooker for 50 minutes and then another 10 after adding 1/2 # of sausage.... they were so delicious... best i ever had... and i live in South Louisiana.

Beware salt overload!  So I made this several times and have switched to vegetarian for health reasons, so make it with vegetable broth in place of the sausage or ham.  I noticed my blood pressure is now higher than when I was a meat eater.  I started wondering how that happened and I'm going back through all my dishes to see what the sodium intake is.  Turns out the normal serving of Creole seasoning is 1/4 tsp.  2 Tablespoons is about 24 servings! Yipes!!   So how much salt is in 2 Tablespoons by itself, with nothing else?  About  6700 mg.  If I add 2-3 sausages or 2-3 cups of veggie broth, it's another 1500mg.   So the total for a pot of these beans is about 8200 mg of sodium.  If you have a 1 full serving you're almost at the AHA's full DAILY recommended sodium intake in 1 entire, at one meal.   Nevermind any side dishes or other meals.  The seasoning here needs to be cut back to about 1 - 2 teaspoons, depending on meat or other content.

It exceeded my expectations! I always make the recipe exactly as it calls for. As an any science experiment you always establish a control.In the future I would add shrimp and chicken and perhaps some more onions. A very good recipe for sure.

Roger Wood spicy hot smoked sausage. 2lbs red beans. 1/2 tsp red pepper, and 1/2 tbs smoked paprika.

This has become a family favorite!  It's so easy to quickly dump everything the Instant Pot and the result is hearty and flavorful! 

I made adjustments to the recipe to fit our tastes.  I halved the Cajun seasoning from 2T to 1T to reduce the saltiness. I also altered the cooking instructions a bit.  I like to cook all ingredients EXCEPT THE SAUSAGE for 15 minutes, pressure release, add the sausage, then cook for another 15 minutes.  The full 30 minutes left the sausage too mushy, in my opinion, so adding it halfway through keeps the flavor without losing the texture.

Great recipe!

Delicious recipe. Next time, I think I’ll start with 1 less cup of water.  As I was serving vegetarians, the meat was left out and sage, smoked paprika and liquid smoke was substituted. Served it alongside slow roasted pork shoulder so the meat eaters could add that.

This was super easy and delicious. Only thing I did different was add a jalapeño pepper

Good and simple recipe.  It took 60 minutes in my electric pressure cooker with dry beans that were not pre soaked.

Beware salt overload!  So I made this several times and have switched to vegetarian for health reasons, so make it with vegetable broth in place of the sausage or ham.  I noticed my blood pressure is now higher than when I was a meat eater.  I started wondering how that happened and I'm going back through all my dishes to see what the sodium intake is.  Turns out the normal serving of Creole seasoning is 1/4 tsp.  2 Tablespoons is about 24 servings! Yipes!!   So how much salt is in 2 Tablespoons by itself, with nothing else?  About  6700 mg.  If I add 2-3 sausages or 2-3 cups of veggie broth, it's another 1500mg.   So the total for a pot of these beans is about 8200 mg of sodium.  If you have a 1 full serving you're almost at the AHA's full DAILY recommended sodium intake in 1 entire, at one meal.   Nevermind any side dishes or other meals.  The seasoning here needs to be cut back to about 1 - 2 teaspoons, depending on meat or other content.

this was my first successful attempt at cooking dried beans in the pressure cooker. it was a revelation that you don't need to saute the onion, garlic etc before adding water and to just add everything together. 
every time I make it it gets better. I make it with half a pound of red beans soaked with the boiling method, and 3 ham hocks. 5 cups of water was too much first time around, now I know to add just enough to cover the beans (the hocks stick out a bit). still makes quite a bit of broth but it's not too watery and almost thickens with the spices and rendered fat if the hocks.
Cajun seasoning is definitely necessary. I made them without and they miss a kick from the cayenne. added coriander seeds, love that subtle flavor!

my 10yo and 48yo both ate them up with sour cream and white rice tonight... 

 I think I'll follow some of the other reviews with adding the sausage at the end and creaming some of the beans before cooking them a bit longer. some chicken bouillon would probably give an extra flavor boost. 

I'm french and never ate beans growing up but now I crave them and I'm so happy I finally found a way to cook them, and well! 
thank you

Family liked it a lot. I think 5 cups is too much water. Will try 4 cups next time.

