1. The pepperocinis are those (very mild) yellow peppers that you often get whole on top of Greek salads... they will not make this dish spicy, but add a very special flavor to it. I would not reccommend leaving them out. You can find them at any grocery store - they are in  jar near where you find the olives. If you would like the peas to be spicy, by all means add some other peppers or even some cajun seasoning.  2. The ham hocks that are called for do not offer any meat to be eaten - they serve the purpose of flavoring the peas. If you would like chunks of meat in the peas, use another type of ham as well as the hocks (as the flavor that the bones and skin impart are the signature flavor of traditional southern black-eyed peas) 3. If you would like less liquid in the peas, or a thicker sauce, reduce the water by half and/or add a tablespoon of flour to the sauteed onion to make a sort of paste before adding the liquids.

There is no need to soak the peas overnight as they aren't thick skinned like most dried beans. If you do so, they just get mushy while cooking. Instead, just sort them, and give them a good rinse in water before cooking. The pepperoncini added no flavor.

Excellent blackeyed peas, me & the wife loved this dish!!!

Excellent, cheers!

The two changes I made to this recipe were 1. I only used the water to soak the dried peas 2. I omitted the pepperoncinis because I don't like them and I didn't have any. This was by far the best recipe for black eyed peas I've ever made. So good!!

I followed this recipe did not add pepperonis as I did not have any.  Looking forward to seeing how they turn out!  Thank you for sharing.

This is absolutely delicious! I had never had this soup before. After reading the story behind New Year soup I wanted to make it. It is very easy to make and the spice blend is perfect. I made it a week before the New Year and froze it in individual serving containers. It freezes well and actually tasted even better when reheated. Having it with a side of collard greens is a good compliment to the soup. I plan on having this soup more often than just New Years Day!

Loved it I added some kale tho because I thought it would add a nice touch!

Very tasty!

Absolutely amazingly delicious. Made it exactly as written but did add a little juice from the peperoncini peppers.  So very good. Will be making it again on a regular rotation. Thank you so much for the recipe

Awesome

