My first time EVER making red beans and rice, and this was the recipe I chose. I served it with homemade corn bread (also in AR - search for Grandma's Cornbread) 

How mine differed:
1. Used a ham shank instead of a hock. 

2. I forgot bay leaves. 

3. Skipped the hot sauce.

4. Used pasillo peppers.

5. Used 14oz of regular old Johnsonville sausage w/pork, beef, turkey, and whatever else is in it.

THE VERDICT! 

Pros: 
1. I hate spicy food (and also have a toddler) so my milder version was perfect for us. 

2. My house smelled like Louisiana all day. 

3. Extremely filling! 

4. Huge amount of food and very cheap ingredients!

5. Leftovers! This recipe will feed my family of 2 and a toddler for days! 

Cons:
1. It took about 4 hours total, so my gas stove was on most of the day and someone had to stay home to man the kitchen. Would have preferred to use a slow cooker, but it gave me a solid excuse to watch football all day. (Also, the toddler can reach those knobs. Luckily, she's an obedient one with no early signs of pyromania.) 

2. Can't give the cooked ham bone to my dog, so she was disappointed about that. 

Overall, it's absolutely delicious. If you have several hours to spare and don't want to cook again for a week (or if you need to feed 10 lumberjacks), this is the recipe for you!

Hate to dissent from everyone else’s opinion, but... this stuff was spicy. A little too spicy. I like spicy food, but in this case, the cayenne and andouille together stole the show- in a bad way. Good thing I didn’t add hot sauce as directed! Frankly, I’m a little surprised no one else commented or complained about the heat. Oh well- like I said, hate leaving the low scoring review, but we (wife and I) were a bit disappointed. Look at me- I had to drink milk from the jug, while I wiped sweat from my brow!

We love you Chef John.  We've made so many of your recipes, and all of them are delicious, attainable, and I wanted to say thank you for being an amazing human--plus, I have a lust affair with cayanne, too...don't tell my wife ;-)

I love Chef John's recipes, but this recipe makes bean soup, not red beans and rice. This recipe calls for 2 quarts or 8 cups of broth for pre-soaked beans, which results in a soupy, watery bowl, but most other RBR recipes call for 6 cups of liquid for pre-soaked beans, which is the perfect amount. Use 8 c of broth for dry beans right out of the bag. Spices and technique here are great though.

Great  basic recipe. Cooked as per instructions using chicken broth and substituted smoked pork ribs for ham hock. The 2nd batch doubled the cayenne.  Put some on a Hebrew National hot dog with a Kings Hawaiian top cut roll and it was amazing. Thanks again Chef John!!!

I made this with Chef John's shrimp etouffee and steamed rice and thought I was in heaven.  Well, hopefully this wasn't my last supper but if it is, I went out happy.Best ever combination.  I feel sorry for those that didn't like this.

This is outstanding. Takes time, but it's mostly hands off. A good meal to cook on a weekend. You can adapt this to a pressure cooker if you don't want to wait as long (see my last note).Ham hock isn't carried at my local grocery stores, so when I don't feel like visiting a butcher, an easy sub is any kind of bone in pork shoulder, like pork blade or country style ribs. Bone in country style ribs is my go to.I have also subbed jalapenos for the poblanos for more heat.I have also cooked this in a pressure cooker with great results. Use the same ingredients here except for the broth. Look up another recipe to get the liquid to bean ratio right and cook time. I think I ended up using 3 cups broth, 3 cups water, cook on high for 60 mins, 15 minute natural release, but confirm with another recipe. There are tons of them online. However I like Chef John's flavors the best, hence the merging of recipes.

I made this last night!  I was not able to use the ham hocks I bought, unfortunately.  I used just regular smoked sausage and I used canned dark red kidney beans and simmered everything for an hour and a half.  Everyone raved about it!  The flavors were just so good.  Even my almost 2 year old grandson could not get enough!  He ate the sausage and the rice in the gravy and went to town.  I cooked my rice in my instant pot, but instead of using water, I used chicken broth, I added extra powdered broth to give it a stronger flavor and it was just great! I hate that I needed to alter this recipe for our need, but we loved it anyway.  Thank you, Chef John, for this great recipe!!

Very tasty. I made this recipe a few days ago and it was awesome. I took half to work and it disappeared quickly with many compliments thrown my way.  The only thing I would change is to add another pound of beans... I prefer a higher bean to meat ratio.  In the future, I will use Poblanos instead of green peppers in my chile bean recipe. Thanks for the recipe, I will definitely be making it again.

Delicious flavor! I left out the cayenne pepper for our taste. I followed another reviewers suggestion and made a pan of cornbread to serve with it. It really does go well together. This recipe needs all of the suggested cooking time, so save it for a day when you have plenty of time at home.

The family loved it, best ever

