These beans were very tasty (very similar to the the beans I learned how to make from my granny and mama). My comments: 1) The original poster must have had a saltier ham hock than the ones I get - as other posters have mentioned, I do add more salt. 2) I always use minced, fresh onion rather than onion powder. 3) I never use lard, bacon grease is the way to go. If you don't have a ham hock, you can really just use bacon grease alone. 4) For the reviewers who didn't care for the taste/texture of the beans - these are not haricots vert and are not intended to be crisp. These are southern-style green beans (as indicated by the name of the recipe) and if you like 'em, you like 'em - if you don't, you don't. Some people enjoy both kinds(like me). 5) And finally, if you want to get truly southern, serve these beans with real southern cornbread (NOT the sweet kind), cooked in a cast iron skillet. Don't discard the soup (the pot likker, as my granny would say) and don't discard the ham hock until you've picked the meat off of it and scattered it in the beans. You can also throw some small new potatoes on top of the beans for the last half hour or so.

This recipe is a great idea, but the cook time is too long, the seasonings need to be increased due to being diluted by the water, and there is no mention of using the meat from the ham hocks in the finished dish. I made the recipe as it is stated, then had to make adjustments to make it taste like something other than greasy canned green beans.

I always cook my beans with 2 smoked ham hocks which makes all the difference from bland to fabulous!

Well my wife usually makes our green beans, which are very good! But I am off work and decided to try them. I did not want to spend the extra money on salt pork. So I used 2 tablespoons cooking lard I got for $1 at Walmart and baked some bacon in the oven. I used the grease from it plus a piece of uncooked bacon to cook it. My wife loved them. And they were even better two nights later with dinner!

Love it

best ever

I love it.  I add an extra ham hock and cook it in the crock pot for 4-6 hours.

Fabulous, yet simple recipe

Really good, I made it without the meat only because my friend was on a diet.  The herbs and spices were fantastic.

Great! I doubled the recipe and used frozen green beans, 2 ham hocks, 1/2 lb cooked, chopped bacon and bacon grease as my fat.  I also added 1 diced onion. Cooked in crock pot on low for 8 hrs. Delicious and very soft, tender beans just like my husband likes them

These turned out really tasty!

