This is an excellent recipe I have been doing it for years.  The only thing I do differently is add about 1 TBSP honey, or syrup or even brown sugar.  This gets rid of all bitterness from the greens.  Everyone I have cooked them for loves them even the ones who say they don't eat collards.

The ingredients are right on, but not the cooking directions.  First, wash your ham hocks off and put them in a pot, cover with water, bring to a boil and cook over medium heat for about fifteen minutes and pour the water off.  Then, start a fresh pot with water to cover and cook until almost tender, but not quite done.  It could take as long as three hours.  It depends on your cookware, your fire, etc..  You can boil them on high heat, but watch them and add water if necessary. Then, when they're almost tender, but not too tender, add your remaining ingredients and bring to a boil.  You won't need too much salt and I always use crushed red pepper, a white or yellow onion, quartered, a few cloves of garlic, chopped and even some cajun seasoning.  Simmer about an hour, or until the greens are the way you like them.  Some people like them chewy, so take a few out after about 45 minutes and taste them for tenderness.  These steps are necessary to keep from having your greens too salty or overcooking them.  Serve with vinegar and hot sauce, like Louisiana Hot Sauce. Yummy!

This is delicious and  live in the South! Better than I’ve had restaurants. I had a pretty large bag of collards so I added 32 oz. Chicken broth and extra water. Did add low salt soy sauce (a dash). Some chopped onion, crushed red pepper, couple lemon wedges and a bit of whole peppercorns. My ham bone was left over.  Simmered on low for 3 hours. Excellent!

Made w/turkey drippings and can of chicken soup hot sauce s.@p. to taste in microwave pressure cooker. 1st. try-still cooking

I didn't have white vinegar and made a substitute, black cherry balsamic vinegar. Combination of ham marinade sauce.

These were excellent although I did simmer them for a full 2.5 hours.  They simply were not done to our liking after only an hour of cooking.  Flavor was spot on and I will be making these again!  Family all gave 5 star reviews as well!  Thanks for sharing your recipe!

We loved this recipe reminded me of my Gmas. We used Turnips instead of collards and it was awesome.

This is exactly how I have been making my collards for years! Absolutely love this !!

I made it as instructed and reduced it to four stars only because my family recipe is just one star better.  All told is made a delicious side dish.

I love these greens! I've made them twice, using bacon instead of ham hocks. 5 stars from me!

I did not have vinegar but everything in the crockpot was delicious!

