Great recipe - especially like the addition of cayenne and hot sauce - it gave the chicken some zest without being over powering.  I also used a red/black pepper blend in the flour, which gave it extra flavor.  I used a whole chicken, cut up and fried my pieces in my electric skillet and then transferrred them to a hot oven 350-375 to finish cooking. I also brined the chicken pieces in an ice water/salt bath (so they would bleed) for about 40 minutes before putting them in buttermilk - because of the salt water bath, I omitted all salt.  Will definitely be making this again!  Thank you.

I didn't like this recipe at all, but my husband did.  I love spicy southern fried chicken, but this just didn't taste right to me.

It was so juicy and so creamy, it exploded I'm my mouth.  I am really happy I tried this ravenous explosion of squirting flavor in my mouth.  9/10 would recommend!

This was good but it just wasn’t flavorful enough for me. I know I could add seasoning but I just Trusted the recipe. So yeah 3 stars needs more spice and taste

Very good, well-detailed recipe for excellent fried chicken. Very similar to my method, but a couple of suggestions. 1. Two cups of buttermilk are enough - more is a waste and dilutes the spicy impact. (If you really want super hot, try sprinkling hot sauce, like a Tabasco, directly on the raw chicken pieces and let it set for an hour before the buttermilk step). 2. Try using half lard and half oil (or Solid shortening) for a real southern flavor. If you can’t cope with lard, add 1/2 cup bacon drippings to the oil.

Wasnt spicey at all but good flavor.

I made mine with a smokey habanero hot sauce and it was amazing!!

as I don’t deep fry foods (it takes a lot to be cooked properly but out layer gets overcooked)
I found a much healthier way, I precooked chicken in oven then I combined it with batter and fried for around 5 minutes( till it gets golden in color) it was sooo delish thanks for recipe!

The title to this recipe is astonishingly misleading.  There is no spice to it whatsoever.  I thought the tiny amounts of ingredients used to make it "hot" were a little suspect.  Definitely not spicy.  Will not make again.

I made this recipe as wings and drumsticks. The house smelled WONDERFUL!!! My kids are begging me to make it again !!! Thanks for sharing!!!

It came out juicy and tasted great!

