Wow, this was very good.  I never make biscuits because they always seem so dry, not these!  One thing I did do was freeze the stick of butter and then grate with a box grater (I saw this on a cooking show).  That way the butter stays nice and cold for a nice tender biscuit.  Plus it mixes much easier with the dry ingredients.  Will definately make this again!

This is the second biscuit recipe I have tried recently. It may be me but they came out odd shaped and very doughy in the middle. They were  simple to make and the flavor is pretty good

The best biscuit recipe I’ve found. I turn out the dough on a lightly floured board right before it comes together, then fold over a few times with a dough scraper. I do this rather than kneading as the recipe says for a more tender biscuit. Gently roll to your desired thickness as soon as all the pieces stick together. We like our biscuits thick, so the recipe only yields 6-8 pieces… just enough for a couple meals. To take these to the next level… add a teaspoon of fresh thyme leaves and the zest of one lemon. Divine with sausage gravy.

This is a great "go-to" biscuit! A family favorite.  Since I don't always have buttermilk, lemon juice in place of vinegar in white milk gives a better result.  (2 T works well)  I love scoring them rather than cutting them out.

I made these last night for dinner, to accompany grilled chicken. Came out delicious, fluffy and tender. These are not flakey biscuits, they have a biscuit crumb. Biscuits were moist inside, a bit crispy outside, and had a good flavor and texture.The kneading was a bit odd, since i have always heard not to overwork biscuit dough, and it was a bit wet to knead. However, it was relatively easy to manipulate (though sticky) into a 6X6 square.I did chop the butter and put it in the freezer while I got the rest together. Otherwise no changes except kefir as a replacement for buttermilk.We enjoyed them, i would make these again.

I grew up in Kentucky and with biscuits and coffee gravy (red bone), white gravy, and more. This is the closest I have found to my 2nd moms recipe, and that woman could throw down with biscuits. My family loves them.

Absolutely delicious!  I have tried several different recipes and this one definitely beat them all.  Great texture and so easy to put together.  Thank you!

I tried to make the Biscuits this early morning according to your recipe.Thanks for sharing.

These biscuits were very good, but I had a  hard time kneading them.  The dough was gooey and stuck to my hands and any utensils I used.  I even tried putting a little flour on my hands but it didn't help.  So even though these biscuits were delicious, they were unpleasant to make.  Any suggestions?

Almost followed exactly. I did not have buttermilk. Substituted with sour cream and a bit of milk to get to the right consistency.

Oh I’ve never made biscuits before. I didn’t exactly get them into a square shape but  were absolutely delicious. I didn’t change anything. Once they were ready I tried one with just butter and then I had more with butter and jam almost like a scone thank you so much. Tomorrow we’re having these with fried chicken.

