Easy to make. My family liked it. Was not able to find the greens seasoning. Turn out just as well. Will make again.

This is an easy recipe to try.  I found it to be ok. I pretty much followed the recipe except for the amounts of greens and cabbage I just used what I had of each.  I think next time I will leave out the cabbbage I like both fried cabbage and  fried collards just not together.

When I saw this recipe had 37 reviews, I had to get to writing a review! You have NO idea the pleasure you are denying yourself! I grow my own cabbage and collards and when my husband and kids start seeing them grow, I get bombarded with requests. I usually triple the recipe so everyone gets their fill. There is no “fixes” for the recipe, It is perfection. Don’t change a thing! I loosely measure, but I have been doing this for a time and go on taste. Every time we have company, I make this dish. I really enjoy getting people to try food they think they hate. I teach gardening and this is a great recipe to teach people so they can enjoy collards. Thank you for sharing such a great recipe. If you have others to share, I am sure we would all love to try them!!! Do not pass on this recipe. You will be the one losing out! Look at this beautiful recipe with purple cabbage that gives you the anthocyanins that are so good for you!

I either use turkey tails or turkey bacon instead of pork bacon since we don’t eat pork. But My boyfriend love this recipe so much that we have made it as a staple in our side dish rotation.

Delicious!  I had never made collards before and was so glad to come across this dish as I love, and realized do not cook enough, cabbage. And then bacon too. Come on now.

I chopped everything up quite a bit, including the bacon before I cooked it. Served it at a family dinner with Honey Baked ham and glazed baby carrots.

Very tasty! Bacon...how can you go wrong with bacon. I used the Instant Pot on sauté , then on low to be more efficient. Used Old Bay Seasoning instead of the "Greens Seasoning" (didn't have that). Left the sugar out this time, may try it next time. The bacon cooked nicely but never became crispy as recipe stated. A big hit!

My family loved this dish , the favors of the cabbage and the collards blended well. This dish will be added to my  families great recipes.

i didn't add the suget but my own seasoning and it came out amazing!

Made with higher collards to cabbage ratio than recipe, I didn't have any greens seasoning, so I used a favorite steak seasoning I had.
Turned out delicious. will probably be a regular recipe in our house.

Great recipe.  I added a little more seasoning but they turned out great.  I will definitely cook again. Thanks

