Late on New Year's Day, we decided we needed a dish with black eyed peas and tomatoes; it was a little late to fix anything without the word "easy" in it, so I gave this one a try.  I used crushed pepper flakes instead of the cayenne and added a can of rotel diced tomatoes with green chilies to spice it up a bit.  I was skeptical because it was so easy, but it was delicious.  Next time I will add some shrimp.

Very quick and inexpensive dish to make, but really did not have much flaovr.  I will definitely make it again, but will try to tweak it with some bacon, hot sauce and garlic.

We love this dish. I add a can of Rotel & double the smoked sausage. I use seasoned black eyed peas, drained, but NOT rinsed. It's super easy, tasty & makes a bunch, so there's always some to put up in the freezer.

My husband brought home some cans of black-eye peas, and I was glad to find this recipe to use them up. I'm glad I read the tips included in the reviews, to make this a filled-out dinner. I added fresh garlic, a can of Rotel diced tomatoes, shrimp, and bacon. To keep the recipe easy, I used thawed precooked shrimp (added toward the end of cooking time) and precooked bacon (crisped in the microwave and used as the final touch).  Next time, I'm also going to add diced green bell pepper (with the onion), for color. I appreciate this recipe.

It was ok. My boyfriend refused to eat it because it was too spicey with the cayon pepper. Would choose different spices next time. Very filling.

I made this to celebrate New Year's Day. It was quick, easy & delicious . I did alter the recipe a tad bit, by not using onions or cayenne pepper. I really enjoyed this & will make it again!  Next time I might make some cornbread to go with it!

Made as written except that I added celery after carefully reading the reviews. It still lacked in flavor and there was way too much rice. Using minute rice also resulted in way overcooked rice. This recipe has potential but needs some help.

I made this recipe for new years day and it was fantastic...got tons of compliments. i used a spicy sausage from my hometown and i think that made the difference...will be making it again very soon!

Awesome added cheese!

Too bland without my additions so I  made a few changes. I added chunks of chicken, 2 stalks celery, 1 can of tomato sauce (I actually meant to use a can of diced tomatoes but  read the can wrong, but it turned out great!), sprinkle of Cajun creole seasoning spice, 2 tsp garlic, pepper , and salt. Then made it with a wild rice and quinoa blend. It was really good! ?? Shrimp would probably be good to add.

This is not Hoppin' John. A proper Hoppin' John has crispy rice. This recipe is more like a hoppin' risotto.

