I thought this turned out a good piece of southern fried chicken.  Here are some additional tips for getting a tasty bird.  Rinse chicken pieces and place in large pot or bowl and add a couple of tsp. of baking soda (this takes the blood out of the bird)and fill with water until covered for 15-20 min.  Drain and rinse and refill with water again.  This time place several teaspoons of iodized salt and add chicken back to water.  Refridgerate for 3-4 hours or overnight if desired.  This seasons the meat so that you will have a flavorful and juicy bite each time.  Good Luck

I was disappointed again. I did like the batter and thought it was very good. I still could not get the chicken to cook through without burning the batter. I have never been able to master that. Maybe someone with more fried chicken experience would have better luck.

I find if your pot gets the oil too hot , the chicken will brown nicely  but not done yet. I put paper towels down let it sit then place on parchment paper and finish cooking in oven. The chicken is done and color is golden brown and crispy. If you wait till chicken is done it too dark looks burnt . Just a suggestion it works for me . Happy cooking and eating

wonderful.............  I added a little more herbs........a great recipe

I haven't tried making Louisiana Southern Fried Chicken yet.  When I do fry chicken I fry it to a golden brown then bake it 35 to 45 min's, I serve it with mash potatoes, country gravy,  mixed veggies or salad and garlic bread. Makes for a filling meal.

I’ve never had good luck with fried chicken before - Crust always used to turn out so thin and unappealing.  Until now!  So happy!  I made this exactly as it states - except I used chick thighs with bone in.  So I cooked it much longer. I’d suggest turning down the heat a bit on the oil because of how long it takes but it turned out so delicious!  Crunchy.  And simple. Felt like Colonel Sanders himself and was so proud how it turned out.  Thank you for sharing!

I used onion salt and didn’t add salt for the kids. Easy to salt at the table.
I also put all the salt, pepper etc mix into the milk and added “ flipping Lekker” red wine and garlic sprinkle over the chicken before coating.
Delicious recipe

Luvtocook.  Your oil is to hot

Tasty and easy chicken recipe! Will be making this one again.

This was amazing. Instead of salt I used creole seasoning (there is salt in the creole seasoning but not as much) it tasted really good :)

My first attempt at fried chicken and it came out pretty well. The chicken seemed to take a lot longer than 15 minutes and I used more old than suggested. I think the egg and spice wash was a good blend but all the spice fell to the bottom of my bowl and didn't get on the chicken. It might be better to add all the spices to the flour instead. I will try it again.

