I grew up with this gravy as well. I and my mom and my mom's family came from the mountains of good 'ol KY. This recipe is the old original mountain milk gravy my mom was taught to make by her mom. My mom was a coal miners daughter living 2 coal camps down from Loretta Lynn.As a child I was always taught to keep the grease that came off the bacon back because we always used it for cooking.  Green beans,biscuits,cornbread,greens,fried cabbage,ect....I don't cook with it as much now learning just how unhealthy it is for my family and myself,but now and then I do go with those yummy home cooked meals from way back. This is awesome and you will love it.

This is a basic gravy recipe to which you can add to. I gave it a 3  because if you cook it the way it is recommended, it will come out way too thin. The thing you have to keep track of is your heat. Your roux will never thicken on low, and if you don't increase your heat when you add the milk you will never get it to simmer, much less thicken. The act of bubbling is what makes it thicken. you will never be able to make this in 36 minutes on low heat. Increase your heat to medium, season to taste, and it works just fine.

This is the easiest bacon gravy recipe with the best results in my opinion. Also, it gives you actual measurements on all ingredients.I grew up in Appalachia (southern WV) where my grandmother and mother made bacon gravy to go with homemade buttermilk biscuits. This was usually every Sunday.When my mother passed away, I had difficulty getting it right because I didn't have her recipe, but not any longer!Ensure the "roux" gets browned without burning it, as well as stir it pretty constantly.This is my go-to recipe for bacon gravy.

This is how I make my bacon and sausage gravy. My father taught me that the secret to a great gravy is Browning the flour.Perfect recipe thank you!

It's how my husband remembers. I also added half a chopped onion and 5 crispy strips of bacon cut into small pieces

I Think it was great. I loved how it came out, the right texture the right taste.A+ In my book 📕

Delighted! Best gravy ever. Just made it. Been in my family for a long time

This gravy is fantastic! 
The only thing I did different is added a little white pepper along with the black pepper and cooked it in a heavy sauce pan.
I served it for brunch with crisp bacon, fried eggs, toast and side dishes of cool home canned stewed tomatoes.

The green bean casserole will be a hit! Thanx!

Growing up we saved bacon grease just for recipes like this. My grandparents taught me a similar recipe. Any gravy recipe is a starter recipe, ready for tweeking things to taste and/or desired thickness. An Appalachian classic.

This is very good gravy!  I always use this recipe.  I do add in some cooked ground sausage.  Tip: be patient when making this, the first time I made it, I didn't feel like it was thickening up right, soooo I added more flour...big mistake, trust the process, it will thicken up.  It takes a little time but man is it worth it. :)

