I have read all the reviews and I am so grateful everyone loved this recipe. I am sorry my Gramma Ollie couldn't be here to taste them herself. Just to clarify a couple of things:  I use chicken bouillon cubes and rinse the salt pork before hand. I have used smoked hocks with great results and bacon when I'm too lazy to find them. I also recently discovered that balsamic vinegar on these is the BOMB! But I use pepper sauce too. Thanks for all the great feedback and suggestions!!

The ingredients are right on, but not the cooking directions.  First, cut the salt pork in slices or chunks and boil in a separate pot until almost tender, but not quite and pour off the water and set aside. Now, wash your ham hocks off and put them in a pot, cover with water, bring to a boil and cook over medium heat for about fifteen minutes and pour the water off.  Then, start a fresh pot with water to cover and cook until almost tender, but not quite done.  Then, add your remaining ingredients and salt pork with your greens and bring to a boil.  Simmer about an hour, or until the greens are the way you like them.  Some people like them chewy, so take a few out after about 45 minutes and taste them for tenderness..  These steps are necessary to keep from having your greens too salty.

I was raised on turnip greens.  I have always heard of collard greens, and this was my first experience.  For greens, this is a tasty recipe, and once the greens are served, I will be saving the "pot liquor" for soup.  It is, indeed, very tasty!  I like the flavor, and I like the texture of the collards.  I made only one change to the recipe.  My grocer did not have fresh ham hocks, only smoked, so that is what I used.  This factor, in combination with the salt pork, was probably the reason these greens were a bit too salty, for me.  Also, there are no instructions for what to do with the meat, once the greens are finished.  I wish greens looked as good in the photo as they tasted!

I enjoyed this easy recipe. Paired great with Chef John's Red Beans and Rice. I will decrease the red pepper flakes next time because it was too spicy for the kids.

None, it was perfect!

Followed the recipe exactly as written.  Very very good for New Year's Day.  Used the little tubs of chicken stock.  Would make again!

I have made this recipe multiple times for racing and football tailgates. I sub out the pork fat and red wine vinegar with ingredients which make my greens the "Italian" collard greens.  Awesome recipe.  I get requests for it all the time.  Thanks for sharing this base recipe,

It is extremely flavorful and soft. Will definitely make it again. I did serve it with a drizzle of balsamic reduction which added just the right amount of acid to balance the dish

I've made this 3 times in less than a month and it's a HUGE hit! The only change I made was to use smoked bacon in place of the salt pork. It seems to give it a little better flavor and a little less fatty taste.  Excellent as a side or main dish!!

A true glimpse of the South.

Real Deal Greens!!  I used smoked turkey legs because I 'm not a fan of pork (except bacon!); otherwise no changes and it  brought me back to North Carolina with every bite.

