What an excellent recipe!!! First off let me say that this does not quite feed 6 people(more like 2.5). I bought a little over 3lbs (exactly 6 oxtails) and it fed 2 people with very little leftovers. I did trim my oxtails a little so that I would not end up with a pot of grease. Also I slightly altered the recipe (I always end up doing that) by adding 2 cans of beef broth, doubled both the Greek seasoning and season all, used a little worcestershire sauce in place of browning sauce, and doubled the garlic. Oh and I cooked for 3 hours(TENNNDER). The gravy is sooo good. I served this with Jamaican style rice and peas and fried plantains (from this site). I will post a pic soon of this wonderful dish. It certainly is a soul food blast from the past. Thanks so much for posting this!!!

I had never tasted oxtails before and wanted to try something different. Maybe I should've trimmed the fat first because they were very fatty. The taste was okay, but tasted too "stewy". I browned the meat first and sauteed the onion and garlic before adding the water. Glad I can say I've had them, but probably won't make again. Sorry!

Very good recipe. The only thing missing is the fact that when I make it I brown the oxtails in bacon grease. Remove the oxtails when well browned. Add onion, garlic, and Rotel to the pot, then oxtails.  Add chicken broth ( Chicken con pollo) and cook until oxtails are almost tender. Add potatoes, eventually adding chosen veggies near the last moments. I intend to try your recipe as well. Thank you.

I made the recipe almost exactly except I had to adapt as I had almost 5lbs of oxtails.  I couldn’t find my Greek seasoning so I googled the substitute and used a healthy amount of oregano.  When it came timeTo make the gravy, instead of garlic powder I had roasted garlic cloves in the oven so I squeezed several cloves in and then used an immersion blender.  Gravy was thick so I added in oxtails and a lot of the onion pieces from the broth.  Also added/finished with an inordinate amount of finely chopped parsley and green onions.It was absolutely perfect.I don’t think I’ll ever make another way ever again.  Thanks so much for this recipe!

I am making it in the crock pot w the same recipe I wonder if it will turn out bad 😳Ok, Well it was not bad but I got the oxtails from Walmart and some were very large, and some very small so the meat fell of all the bones and it turned out to be a meaty gravy. It was still good but def overcooked or over processed. So it didn't look as pretty.

Adjusted for 12  (20qt stock pot)Added potatoes & carrotsRed Yellow Green bell peppersAdded 1 extra unit for each spiceTripled gravy recipe.Freinds said, It's amazingWhen I make comfort foods there aren't any leftovers...😅

My husband and I love oxtails, sometimes I have to get my friend from church to fix them for me. Now I can fix them myself thank you for the recipe and thank your mom as well.

This turned out wonderful and flavorful with very tender fall off the bone meat, and gravy over a bed of rice. I added a tablespoon of butter to the rice along with salt, pepper and a touch of garlic powder. I simmered the oxtails 3.5 hours on low, and then took several cups of liquid (I had a lot of oxtail) and seasoned to taste for gravy. Once thickened, I made a bed of rice, placed oxtails on top and then carefully spooned the gravy to cover. Added some thinly sliced green onions for garnish and it was perfect!!

Very good but I must say that I've never, ever had an oxtail I didn't like.  I didn't use Greek seasoning-never heard of it, anyone know where to buy it?  Also didn't have any bacon (darn) & next time I'll try it with beef both.  Thanks for the recipe.

I made a giant improvement and a small one.

SMALL:trim fat as much as possible. Brown it with the oxtails, put in cheesecloth, cook with tails, remove and discard. That way you get all the flavor, but you don’t have to start pulling out fat.

GIANT: Pour all the cooking liquid into a fat separator and remove all the fat. you can use this fat for the gravy, that’s what I did and threw the rest out. Then, reduce the cooking liquid to two or 4 cups depending on how much gravy you want to make. It’s wasteful to throw away that good cooking just because you don’t need it all. BE CERTAIN  Not to add a bunch of salt to the cooking liquid initially. 1 teaspoon will be fine you can always add more later. This was absolutely fantastic and three people pleaded it for the recipe. I would plan on this recipe serving 3 to 4 people, definitely not six. But you’ve never had a better dinner!

This recipe is always good, down home southern comfort food.

