This recipe was a huge hit at a faculty breakfast.  The trick is to season the grits with lots of salt and butter until the grits taste good before adding the remaining ingredients.  After reading some of the reviews, I decided to use eight eggs, instead of (12).  I will definitely serve this dish again and again.

My mother makes a variation of this recipe. It is very similar but it has a bit more cheese and is seasoned well.  This recipe is missing the flavor.  We use 2 cups of cooked grits mix with 4 cups of cheeder cheese.  Add in 5 beaten eggs 2 tbsp of worchestire sauce, 1 tsp of Thyme, 1 tsp of garlic, and salt to taste.  Then add in 2 lbs of sausage.  It is great.  This one is good but a bit bland.

The grits were looser than I liked but I followed directions

This recipe is delicious and very easy to make.  The leftovers saved a lot of time in the morning!  Just pop in the microwave and breakfast is done.

Delicious!  Perfect after workout meal. I didn’t think it needs anything other than what the recipe directed. My boyfriend just wanted me to make him biscuit and gravy to go with it. Lol. Maybe next time 😜

I had a pound of ground pork so found this recipe. Thankfully I read the other reviews before I made it that said it was bland so I added a healthy pinch each of dried rosemary, thyme, garlic, brown sugar and salt (not too much) to the pork as I was sautéing it (basically making breakfast sausage). It helped. For sure it would have been bland and boring without those seasonings! We individually added hot sauce as suggested...

I made this casserole with bacon instead of the pork sausage. I seasoned the grits really well with salt and pepper. I did only 6 eggs in this recipe. I also added in some green onions. I liked the outcome and will make again.

Delicious 😋

This simple dish received lots of praise and requests for the recipe. I used hot Italian sausage. Next time I will add chopped jalapenos to kick it up a notch.

This casserole was quick to prepare and was a great brunch item.

Like others, I reduced the eggs to 8. I also replaced I C of cheddar cheese with 1 C of cottage cheese. I used 2 t salt in the grits water, but next time will reduce this to 1 t as the other ingredients also provide salt. I cooked it in my big crock pot for a few hours and added the final cup of cheese as the greens we made on the side were cooking. This is supposed to serve 12 but in my family we got 6 servings out of it as some of us really liked it/eat a lot :D

