I have never left  a review on anything, but MAN these peas were  that good.  I used the recipe as written  except I halfed it can only cooked it 4 hours due to less ingrediants and they were amazing! We lost my grandad this past year and it was his new years peas we gathered around every year, now my family has elected me to carry on that tradition! They were that good! :)

Peas have a subtle flavor all their own and are best enjoyed without spices that take away from that flavor.  Cover peas in water and add salt as if you were salting them on your plate.  Add sliced dry salt meat or smoked pig knuckles.  Bring to a boil in a covered pot and reduce heat to a slow simmer.  After simmering for one hour, remove the lid and increase heat to bring it back to a simmer for 30 minutes.  This is very important to allow the liquid to develop the color and rich flavor that really takes this dish from the mundane to the richness that takes it to the level of a culinary masterpiece.  Forget all the herbs for this dish.  It is so much more delicious without them.

Let's just say it's New Year's Eve,  and we've already started eating these blackeyed peas. Delicious!  The only thing I changed was beef bouillon for chicken bouillon. It's been cooking/simmering for about 6.5 hours, and they're ready.  I soaked overnight... maybe 12hrs ... and I used prepackaged cubed ham.  Super good. Thank you! I'll never make them any other way.

These were SO good and a hit for everyone. Will definitely make them again!

The best recipe I have found. I added two cloves of garlic to a half batch.

This was my first time eating/making black eyed peas. Prepared the recipe exactly (less one onion I thought I had more). My 12 year old daughter hates any kind of bean!!! I made to take a spoonful on New Years Day to prevent 2020 to repeat itself!! She ate 2...yes 2 big bowls!! I also took over a large bowl for her family to share the "luck". (this recipe made as is makes a HUGE amount). My brother-in-law said "he was not going to eat that stuff"!! He ate 2 bowls too!! Also called me the following day to tell me how amazing it was!! It now will be our family New Year Tradition. THANK YOU FOR SHARING AN AMAZING RECIPE!!!

Thanks for sharing. Possibly the best black eyed peas I’ve ever had.

The flavor is good. I did not soak my peas overnight and they were still done in 4 hours. I also saved some of the bacon for garnish. Overall good recipe but cook time is way off.

This recipe is delicious! Really really good hearty flavor. I made a few modifications. I halved the recipe (which was so easy to do with this one), added some garlic powder, and a couple of fresh bay leaves. I also used the liquid from soaking the peas overnight as part of the 6 cups to boil them in. The recipe says to simmer for eight hours and I learned with halving the recipe that simmering (with the lid on in a nice heavy pot) the peas for 3 to 3 1/2 hours was plenty. I like my peas whole with a slightly meaty texture not mushy.

Man, oh man! These are the best black-eyed peas I've ever made or had anywhere. And growing up in the South, I've had my share of black eyed peas. It makes a ton, but that's okay because my family went back for seconds!

Easy to make. Worth the wait.

