This was a delicious and simple dish to make.  I followed this recipe almost exactly.  Only made a few minor changes.  I only made enough for one to start.  I cooked the white grits according to the package and when they were done I put in a pat of butter and a good sprinkle of Parmesan cheese.  I also added minced garlic to the onion, green pepper mixture.  When the shrimp where done, I added a 1/4 cup of chicken broth (to loosen the bits from the pan).  At the very end I added a handful of  grated cheddar and a sprinkle of Old Bay to the shrimp.  I wish I could say that my whole family loved it but alas...they dont like seafood.  I, however, thought it was wonderful!!!

Good recipe - I didn't add any additional seasoning to the shrimp and for us it was a little bland.  I couldn't bring myself to add a whole cup of cheese to the grits either - so overall, if you really want a flavor punch I think the other reviewers that ramped up the shrimp seasoning had it right.  I'll do that next time, and will season the grits a little more to make up for the flavor lost by not adding a whole cup of cheese.  Otherwise, it was pretty good.  I am still trying to come close to the flavor of the shrimp and grits and I had at Pisces Rising in Mt Dora Florida.  This doesn't quite capture the lushness of that dish.

Amazing recipe!! I did use smoked Gouda instead of cheddar, I seasoned the shrimp with some Cajun seasoning prior to cooking them, and next time I’ll add extra chicken broth to the grits so they won’t be quite as thick, otherwise this recipe is perfect!! I’ll be making this again and again!

I actually liked this recipe and my family loved it.  However, I made some minor adjustments.  I substituted the evaporated milk for Land O Lakes Greenhouse Half & Half with 30% more cream, and I seasoned the shrimp with Badia Biscayne Bay Seafood Seasoning (less sodium). I added butter to the grits while simmering, and added scrambled eggs and buttered toast to round out the meal. The grits were so creamy and delicious as a stand alone dish, but with the shrimp and bacon toppings  my family couldn't stop complimenting the food.  I will definitely make this for breakfast again.

Very, very good followed recipe as prescribed.

Great recipe. I have a house full of picky eaters, and they all loved it. I did add a splash (1-1.5 oz) of bourbon to the shrimp about halfway through cooking for a little extra zip. It turned out great!

This has become a family favorite?? we have tweaked the recipe.  I dust the shrimp in blackening spices and remove from the pan then add the onions ?? peppers and garlic cook those until tender.  Then add flour (gf) to make a rue then add chicken bone broth to make a gravy then add the shrimp back to that and serve over the grits.  We’re lucky enough to have wonderful local shrimp ?? too.

I loved this recipe it was excellent!

We liked it.  I did substitute turkey bacon for the pork since I don’t eat pork.  Next time I think I will try spicy turkey sausage to give it a little more kick.  Easy to make and scratched an itch my husband has had for awhile now.

I would have taken a picture of this but we were too busy chowing it down..it was very tasty and easy to make..this recipe is a keeper

This is a great recipe. I omitted the cheese and added garlic, smoked paprika and red pepper flakes to the shrimp. I’ll make this again!  Delicious!

