I've been cooking great dishes for the past 30 years, and I have to say without a doubt, this is one of the best country meals I have ever had.  I didn't have dry limas, so I used a frozen pack I had in the freezer, and waited until the neck bones were tender before adding them.  I was concerned  about how I would like the sage and netmeg, but they weren't  overwhelming in flavor, but mildly blended in with everything else.   This is a keeper!

I'm so sorry, but this was not good for us. I followed the directions exactly, and the flavor was okay. The meat fell off the bones all right, but then we had a mess of lima beans, meat and tiny bones all mixed together. Did I do something wrong?

So so delicious! After it had cooked about 3/4 of the way, I thought it had kind of a bitter taste… Maybe from the nutmeg, so I added about 2 teaspoons of Monk fruit and that took the bitter taste away… It was delicious

I made this recipe. However , I put less then half of a teaspoon of cayenne. My smoked neck bones and lima beans came out tasty and great .I also made white rice. Yummy 😋Thanks for a great recipe. Normally my smoked neck bones and lima beans come out kind of bland , no matter what seasonings  that I add.Thanks again for a great recipe - keep posting your great recipes.

It was delicious! I normally use a crock pot, but it wasn't available. But the recipe put a little different spin. Will do it again

My family loved an one of my Grandsons who doesn’t eat leftovers, ate a second helping. They requested I make it again.
I added diced jalapeños to the recipe so yummy added additional flavor.

This turned out so good!  Made it last month and followed the recipe almost exactly.  The only thing different was that I used frozen green Lima beans because the grocery store didn’t have dried white Lima beans.  My husband loved it, and he’s picky!  Headed to the store now so can make it again.  That prompted me to write this review.

No changes, very good.

Yes, I definitely made changes and more likely will make it again. I added more vegetables such as:  chopped up celery, stick of scallions, sliced carrots like matchsticks size,  I chopped up about 8 baby tomatoes, and chopped up parsley and I grated about of ginger and added it to the tablespoon of olive oil and a tsp of butter and cooked up for like 5 mins    
I don't eat pork so I used turkey neckbones and same way I used half of the rubbed mixture and let it marinate for like 1/2 hour while I prepare the beans. To the rub mixture I also added a tsp of allspice and tsp of cinnamon.  And I just do everything the same way. Except when ready to add the beans and the remaining mixture of rub I just added powder coconut milk (1/2 tablespoon) to add a Caribbean taste.   And cook it down for 1/2 hour until beans are tender. Optional:  I added a couple of corn and a handful of greens either arugula or kale or what you like and cook down with beans in half hour time.

I made neck bones for the first time using this recipe and boy it sure was good! The only thing I left out was the nutmeg and sage.

This was good but a little on the bland side. I think if I make this again I will use a smoked meat for more flavor. Ham or maybe smoked turkey would give this more flavor.

