I've made this a couple of times now. The first time I followed the recipe and it turned out great. The second time, I found I didn't have any canned tomatos, but I had a few roma's , so I diced those up and added a little tomato sauce. It still turned out perfect. Every one at my house loves it either way. I sometimes add a little Creole seasoning for a little extra kick. This is one of those recipes that's just real hard to goof up. Thanks for posting a great recipe!

Not bad, but pretty bland as given so it needed additional spices. I added minced garlic and cayenne and it made it a lot better. It's a nice base for a lot of possibilities.

Not a fan of Okra but my wife loves it.  I made this for her on Mother's day.  She said she got a little teary eyed because this hit so close to home. I even liked it.

Husband has a new vegetable love. The bacon as a seasoning is definitely Southern, and okra grows like kudzu down here. You can stretch this into a one dish meal with sweet corn, ground beef and rice. Just adjust the seasonings to taste. Great low budget meal.

I just used bacon bits I had on hand and sauteed them with fresh tomatoes instead of canned and used jalapeno peppers instead of green. I wanted a little more kick to it. Everything else is per the recipe. It's delicious.

I add a bit of garlic and take out the salt! One of our favorite dishes now!

I grew up with a mother that was from the south and okra was a good staple in our household and it was cooked many different ways, this was one of the ways she cooked it but also in a cast-iron skillet with cornmeal and egg. I’ve always loved okra and when I cooked us I cooked it for a friend who never had okra ever, they loved it! This is a very easy recipe To follow and it comes out quite tasty, I did add fresh garlic and a jalapeño pepper finely chopped to give it a little heat it was delicious???

Loved this recipe. It came out perfect in an iron skillet. Not as slimy as I have had with other recipes. It is quick and easy.

It was so easy. I had leftover sausage from another meal so I added it. Family appreciated sausage. I really think it needed more tomatoes. Have 2 cans ready next time. Served it over noodles.

I've made this basic recipe for years. I've also used sausage instead of bacon and I had just the meat with okra, tomatoes, onion, pepper and salt.

I used okra and peeled, seeded tomatoes from my garden, added 1 jalapeno (we love dishes with a little heat) and doubled the recipe.  With only adding the jalapeno to the base recipe, the flavor of this recipe was outstanding.

