this was a great recipe..but i made so many changes that it evolved into a recipe of my own creation.  first i omitted step 1 and the baking soda. next, i put in smoked turkey necks and seasoning(old bay and tony chacherre's creole seasoning) and the greens at the same time. next i piled on the greens(i conbined collard and mustard)!! i let them cook down for an hour and then put in the extra greens that didn't fit at first. i stirred every hour or so and added seasoning to taste. i cooked for 5hrs the night before and then 3hrs the day of thanksgiving, by doing that the seasonings had asorbed really well and the greens were tender and flavorful!! hope this helps a little.

While the taste was still banging, it was not a good fit for me.   I used vinegar instead of baking soda. I would also recommending passing up the cooking before putting into the slow cooker.

Great recipe that made collard cooking easy for me. I’ve had kitchen disaster in the past! It actually cooked much quicker than the 8-10 hours. I’m very pleased!

Made it exactly to recipe, and it was the best I have ever tasted...and I have had collard greens many times in my life. I will probably adapt it to turnip and mustard greens in the future as well.

The only steps I varied was to use the crockpot from the beginning and to add low sodium chicken broth. These are amazing!  I only wish my crockpot would have fit more collards. I will make them again and again and again.

Great recipe (if not exactly unique).  But don" think yours will look like the picture.  Those collard are not cooked.  Collards (and all greens) will wilt .

Onions and bacon

I followed this recipe to the letter and it is outstanding!  Zero alterations required.  Suggestion to my fellow chefs - if you alter a recipe on this site, please don't review it.  If you feel you have to substitute or put your personal touch on it, your opinion of the recipe is no longer valid.  If you need people to know how you make something, submit your own recipe and open yourself up to the judgment of others.

This is the best collard green recipe we’ve tried thus far! I used left over brown sugar ham, added a little salt, chili powder, and slap ya mama. I left out the jalapeño, but next time I might add that.

I did a couple of things differently. I washed my collards in my sink full of water and some baking soda twice. Then I washed with cold water only. I boiled the ham hock in my pot with chicken broth and water and slowly added the collards until I cooked 4 bunches. Once it wilted I added the collards to the slow cooker with the hammock, seasoned with salt and pepper, garlic salt and onions that I cooked in a separate pan earlier and a stick of butter. I left this cook overnight for 6-8 hrs while I slept. The next morning, the kitchen smelled soooo good. The collards were flavorful and there was no need for apple cider vinegar (which I can’t stand anyway) to take the bitterness away. The washing with the baking soda did that.

It was delicious

