I have searched for the Perfect Black Eyed Pea recipe each year for New Year's Day. I am not a black eyed pea eater, but my husband is and, being Southern, we have to have this every New Year's Day. I read the other reviews and adjusted the water level- I think this is a common sense issue. Just eyeball the water. When you cook beans that have been soaked, you generally boil them in fresh water that just covers the beans. Same here. Add more water as needed while they boil. I did not use as much ham, but cut it into bite size pieces before serving. I added another bay leaf and kicked up the fresh ground pepper. This dish thickens as it cools, so do not worry about it being too soupy. I did not serve it over rice, but as side dish to oven baked ribs (find the recipe on this site). Of course, there was plenty of sweet cornbread. My husband said this was my best batch of black eyed peas yet (that's 15 attempts- one for every New Year's Day we have been together). Not quite as good as his momma's, but pretty good for a Yankee born wife who doesn't eat black eyed peas.

This recipe gave me a good jumping off point.  I soaked the peas overnight for fear that they would be hard if I just boiled them out of the bag.  I added 2 tsp of minced garlic, minced onion, a generous amount of salt and pepper and 8 dashes of hot sauce.  This didn't make it hot at all just added the flavor it needed. The ham hocks gave it a nice flavor.  I will make it again and next time I will had chunks of ham.

Everyone loved it.  I've been asked to make it again for 4th of July, which I will of course.

I do not like black eyed peas but these were delicious! I added the ham hocks and chopped onion, garlic powder and bay leaf and instead of water used chicken broth 1 1/2 of the large box kind and some diced ham because to be realistic the ham hocks are only for flavor! Bon Appetite! Will make these again on cold day with rice and cornbread and done!

This is the same recepie that I have used for years.  I grew up in Missouri.  I have just a few suggestions.  One, put the ham hocks in cheese cloth so that after it is cooked, you can pull it out, separate the meat from the bones and hide. Then return the meat to the pot.  Also when mashing the beans to thicken the mix, take some beans out of the pot and mash them and return the slurry to the pot.  This helps keeps the beans in the pot intact.  Sometimes I might add a dash of liquid smoke and or vinegar.

I used smoked ham shank instead of hocks. Very good. Will defiantly make again

Ended up having to cook much longer than recipe called for but it turned out great

Been cooking this for the last 4 hours in my crock pot, and its smells fantastic. Simple recipe, what can go wrong.

It would be helpful if there were crock pot cooking instructions though.

This was fantastic! Only change I made was the suggested 6 cups (as opposed to the original 3) and did 4 cups chicken stock/2 cups water. Busting with flavor. We will definitely be making this again! Also, do NOT pre-soak the peas, you risk a much less flavorful pea. Let the raw peas soak up the chicken stock while cooking (I did it on high for 4 hours) and it's done!

I made this and it is truly one of the best black eyed peas and ham hocks I have had.  Note I precooked the ham hocks done  before adding all it and juices to the black eyed peas.  Make sure and not over cook the black eyed peas.  Good eating

Easy - substituted a slow cooker for the stovetop . Cooked on high for 4 hours and switched to low for last hour. Added chopped ham along with one additional ham hock. Used additional cup of water. This was the first time I ever cooked black eyed peas but not my last

