I'm not a fan of black-eyed peas, but my wife is Southern and I wanted her to fulfill her New Year's requirement.  This soup is incredibly delicious.  I did substitute beef broth for the water / bouillon and I left out the chilies, otherwise I stayed true to the recipe.  The Ro-Tel tomatoes brought the perfect amount of heat for us.  This soup is very meaty and the black-eyed peas play a supporting role, bringing a pleasant complexity to the flavor.  If you really like them I think that you could easily add another can without overwhelming the soup.  I made Grandmother's Buttermilk Cornbread to go with it.  Tomorrow's leftovers will be with rice.  I can hardly wait.

I didn't care for this soup at all, but the men of the house loved it. I just durn like the flavored of beef and sausage mixed together. I'd do it again differently if the guys want me to, but otherwise I wouldn't make a new attempt.

Most excellent! Had to force ourselves to stop eating it. I used beef broth in lieu of water and bouillon. 👍👍

I was looking for a different kind of soup other than beef vegetable and this did not disappoint.  This recipe is very tasty! It will definitely be made again! My family loved it.  Made quite a bit so there is plenty for leftovers!

For potluck, I used mild Ro Tel. At home, I use the full-strength Ro Tel.

Simple, savory, satisfying, and delicious!Fearing molasses would bring too much sweetness, I substituted 1/2 called for in agave syrup.

I followed the recipe. The soup tasted very good good, but it was thin. I had to thicken it. I added 1 tablespoon of cornstarch to it. I needed a certain consistency in my soups. The way I did my soup was to brown the meat in the dutch oven and add my seasoning(salt, pepper, onions, garlic salt, and jalapeno) to the meat. Once the meat was brown, I drained the fat and put in the other ingredients. I allowed it to simmer and took some of the soup stock and added 1 tablespoon of cornstarch. I slowly added it back into the soup. I was able to get the thickness that I need my soups to have.  I gave it 3 stars. I will be making the modified soup again.Note: I took pictures but I am not smart enough to resize them so that they would fit the size requirement.

I followed the recipe exactly the same. It came out delicious.

minus the molasses and also substituted the ground beef for regular beff and the sausage for chorizo, cut in half the amount of meat and peas. I boiled the bef and save the stock to add to the soup instead of the chicken bouillon

Very easy and very good! Perfect comfort food.

This soup was so delicious. Had a little bit of sour cream on top with some jalapeño cornbread on the side! My husband loved it!

