These were easy and fast and a great way to save summer okra.  The only thing I did differently was add one whole clove of garlic but they came out fabulous!

I didn't bother with the hot water bath as I knew they wouldn't last very long. I just put them in sterile mason jars. I think the recipe needs to be a little more specific about what vinegar to use. I used a combination of white distilled (for the twang), apple cider (for the mellowness) and white balsamic (LOVE the flavor). I think you need to play around with it until you find the particular flavor that you like. I would still probably just buy my regular jarred pickled okra, but this was a fun thing to try for a change. Thanks!

Made this many times. I substitute one cayenne pepper, a clove of garlic, and a sprig of fresh dill for each jar. Always a crowd favorite.

Super easy and delicious! Definitely play with them and try different ingredients to your taste. Also, a quick tip is to add some okra to some pickle juice and that works well too! Enjoy everyone.

Very easy and the flavor is amazing! This was my first ever attempt canning and 100% perfect!

I didn’t have ingredients and the okra was fresh so I put my  okra in a nearly empty bottle of Valasic pickles. I topped it off with some more pickle juice to make sure it was covered. I let it sit for a few days and It was the bomb!!!Now Grandma I’m getting all the ingredients and will make yours from now on.  Just wanted to share with folks in case they wanted to try it!

I love pickled okra, (even though I'm a Yankee by birth), and can tell you this is an easy to follow and delightful to eat.

Easy! I added Thai peppers, clove of garlic along with the dill! I hope they are delicious!

Great recipe!  First time I’ve ever made pickled okra.  Easy recipe to follow.  Thanks

Great recipe I left half the salt out. I put everything in the jar including water and vinegar and gave it a water bath for 30 minutes. Leave out for 24 hours. Store in a dark cold place or refrigerate if opened. Turned  out perfect for okra, pickles. Jalapeño and banana peppers.

Love it ,but we like a little bit more bite... I added extra peppers and little more dill.. I have canned many quarts and pints .

