Gravy is just right. Not too thick or thin. I added some sauted mushrooms and onions. Over the Pillsbury Grand Biscuits and my southern raised husband gave it a 2 thumbs up.

Found that this calls for too much milk after the can of evaporated - too late to save it, so had to add quite a bit of flour to make it thicken, which changed the flavor.  Tried it again on another weekend, adding only 1/2 cup milk after the evaporated milk, which was just right.  Also, added the butter before adding the flour.  As written, however, we found it too thin and milky, tasting more like that from a restaurant trying to cut corners and stretch the sausage for more servings.

Any true southern girl knows this recipe But you forgot to let the flour brown (not burn).

Was really good. However, it was too sweet due to the sausage. I used the tea biscuit recipe from Red Lobster. Overall was really good.

Excellent recipe.   It was very tasty, and I have eaten this for breakfast, lunch, and dinner!

I love this recipe! My fiance is a real B&G aficionado. It's almost on a weekly basis that she asks me to whip her up a batch in the Ole Cast Iron. This recipe is perfect the way it is. I've never had to add extra flour or milk. The gravy comes out thick, as all things should be.

Biscuits and sausage gravy has been a fav of mine when splurging at breakfast restaurants. However my wife has not once in our entire time together ordered this item. When I saw this recipe I had to give it a try and now my wife is begging me to make it again. Winner!

I have been making this since I was pretty young, but I've never thought I needed to add butter, but if your sausage doesn't have enough fat, that could be the reason. Anyway, for those new to milk gravy, the biggest secret is in making the roux and letting the flour get brown. The darker it cooks, the more flavorful it will be...just don't burnt it though. The flour really needs to be added before any milk, or it will never get that raw flour taste out, so just remember to use the a 1:1 ratio of fat to flour. You can make this gravy with any meat that you fry. Fried pork chop gravy is the best, but chicken or even ham steak is also good. Same with cubed steak or even hamburger gravy. 
I personally just use milk and add a little at a time until it reaches the consistency I like. It will continue to thicken as it cools or simmers, so you can just add a little water or more milk to thin it back down. if trying a different meat to make the gravy from, just fry it up as normal, remove meat from skillet, and leave a little of the drippings to make your roux- use a wisk to get rid of lumps when cooking the flour.

I love this recipe. The only tweaks I make are adding butter to the sausage (we use regular Jimmy Deans) prior to the flour. Also, my husband is from Southern LA and likes a little kick so I add a few dashes of Creole Bold Seasoning.

Very good recipe!

Excellent recipe. Family loved these flakey bud hits. Would make again!

