I liked this, but I did with it what I do with another recipe...I put the chicken in plain first (spray crock with cooking spray), let it cook for 3-4 hours on HIGH, DRAIN it, then add the sauce & continue to cook on HIGH for about 30 min. to 1 hr. longer.  This way, it isn't too watery!  The chicken is so tender made this way, my family loves it.

This recipe would be fine for a quick and easy slow cooker meal. Certainly a huge help for a busy day. However, it really wouldn't be much different than just pouring on Sweet Baby Ray's barbecue sauce. I couldn't even detect a hint of the red pepper flakes, and Ray doesn't really need any extra sugar since it's quite sweet to begin with.

Really excellent bbq sauce. Unfortunately I cooked mine a bit too long so chicken was dry, besides that it was tasty and easy.

I loved it I'm making it again it was nice and tender

Followed another reviewer’s suggestion to cook the chicken alone on high and then drain before adding the sauce. Good recipe.

Wrapped each piece in aluminum foil and it kept chicken moist and infused sauce into chicken. Was fantastic!

Used Hickory BBQ Sauce. And half maple syrup and half brown sugar instead of the 1/4 cup of brown sugar. Amazing

My family begged for a second pot! Easy and satisfied a family of 6 who will NEVER all wat the same thing.

The last step is missing to make it Southern style chicken barbeque:   remove the chicken and shred it using two forks.  The shredded chicken can be mixed with the extra juices to add moisture and flavor.   Serve on a bun with cole slaw.

Loved this! I put in chopped garlic instead of garlic powder. Easy and delicious.

BBQ sauce did not stay on chicken, a big mess of chicken in liquid. Way way way too much liquid. Had to remove chicken and brush with BBQ sauce and put under broiler after it cooked in the crock pot. Also, if you are cooking it in BBQ sauce, there is absolutely no need for the other ingredients. Either make your own or use bottled. Using both is ridiculous.

