Hi all, it's me, SouthernGma.  Wanted to let you know that if you have leftover hamburger, hotdog buns or rolls for sub sandwiches, you can split them and toast on a tray in the oven and use up that extra bread in making this bread pudding.  Works just as well and a good way to use up bread before you have to feed it to the birds or toss it.  1/2 of a burger, hotdog or sub roll will equasl one slice of farmhouse-style bread.

My pudding separated and curdled and is soggy.  Can someone tell me what went wrong?  Some say 375 is way too hot.  I did quadruple the recipe to serve at church and allowed extra time testing for doneness along the way.  Both pans turned out the same.  Never had this happen before using another recipe.

Blueberries instead of raisins

Loved the bread pudding and sauce.  Both came out perfect.  Next time I will add a bit less sugar as I found it a bit too sweet.  Will also serve with a segment of orange or grapefruit t cut thru the sweetness.  A definite keeper.  Note:  I whisked the sauce continuously for 10 minutes on medium.

No vanilla in the bread pudding and 1.5 cups of sugar? Also, the vanilla sauce turned out more like pudding due to the egg and flour. This isn't bad, but there are other better recipes out there.

OMG! I don't think I'll ever make another bread pudding without this amazing vanilla sauce. I can't stop eating it!

The vanilla sauce is excellent!

I made the vanilla sauce following the recipe and then poured half the sauce into a small pitcher then added 1 Tablespoon Jack Daniels to the remaining sauce and heated till alcohol evaporated. Both sauces excellent!

I'm sorry that I could only give this 5 stars, it should be twice that. I made a couple small changes to my taste, first I used raisin bread so cut down on the cinnamon just a little then added fine chopped walnuts. Just like everything else you need to tweak it to your needs.

I liked this recipe very much, but I would make a few changes the next time. Decrease the amount of raisins--1 cup was way too much, decrease the white sugar by at least 1/4 cup--maybe more, loved the cinnamon--will probably add more next time, loved the brioche bread! I will not make the vanilla sauce because we did not like the texture, another reviewer said it looked like turkey gravy and it did. I will make a caramel sauce next time without flour.

delish!!  I added some jar peaches to it for a little more flavor

