I would give this recipe 100 stars if I could!!! I am in love with McDonalds sweet tea.  I would go every morning after I dropped the kids off at school and buy 2 large teas with no ice.  I would grab a drink here and there!! I would crave it if I didn't have any left!! Well sorry Mcdonalds!! You have met your match!! I double this recipe and make a gallon of sweet joy!! I love the baking soda trick.  It really does keep the tea clear and not bitter.  Thank you so much for this recipe!!!

Pouring boiling water into a glass pitcher (even a "heat-proof" one) is a recipe for disaster.  The glass will crack/shatter.  The best thing to do is to pour it into a plastic container first and then put it in the glass pitcher after it has cooled.

My husband is 100% southern born and raised.  He loves his sweet tea and I have used this to keep up with the demand in our household.

I've been making this sweet tea since I was a child, my tea is almost exactly like this except I do not use the Baking soda , I boil the water in my little 16oz tea pot then turn the heat off and input my tea bags covering it with the lid for 30 min, put the sugar in the bottom of a 64 oz pitcher then pour in the still warm tea to desolve the sugar the fill the pitcher with water.... its ready to serve over ice ........ there is nothing on this earth more refreshing than a big ol tall glass of Texas sweet tea just like your Grandmother used to make.

I was introduced to sweet tea last year and have been in love with it ever since! This recipe is not only easy to make but it is also absolutely delicious!  Thank you for sharing!

Delicious!!!

Doubled used 6 pitcher tea bags instead of 12 regular and swapped splenda granular instead of sugar.   was delish and refreshing esp w a squeeze of lemon.I also used my infuser pitcher and added ripe (Must be ripe for better flavor) strawberries, mangos and/or peaches - Sha-Zam! Now you're gettin' fancy-pants!

Good -bye McDonalds. I make my own 👍Thank you!!!

Doubled recipe to make two gallons.  Perfect! No bitterness just a great glass of iced tea. Thank you for sharing.

Brilliant recipe :) I added 2 small easy peel oranges and half a pineapple to my batch and it was beautiful. Will definitely be getting added to the recipe books!

I boiled in a sauce pan and steeped in there as well. Great tasting and exactly what I wanted.

