This recipe was super easy and delicious.  I used a variety of apples (Red Delicious, Granny Smith and Mackintosh) and left a little skin to identify the apple and this works for any type of apple.  I instead of 2 tablespoons of cinnamon, I used 1 1/2 tablespoon of cinnamon and with the remaining 1/2 tablespoon, I was little nutmeg, allspice and ginger. My husband and kids loved it as a side for breakfast.

Overly sweet and way too much Cinnamon....

Made this last night, but compiled differently.Melted the butter and fried the apples till roughly half tender, added cinnamon, continued frying, added half the amount of sugar and mixed around, then added 1 cup Chardonnay wine a cooked till slightly thickened.  Over the top flavor not terribly sweet!  Leftovers will go into pancake batter and breakfast will be delicious!!!

So easy  to make. And soooo good.  Best I've ever tasted.  ❤️

It was really quick and easy! Definitely making it again!

Great recipie with only a few ingredients! I used 1/4 c brown sugar and 1/4 cup of white sugar and added more apples. I am going to try this as a topping for vanilla yogurt.

Great recipe! There are some tweaks you can use to make it more to you and your family's liking, but it is a great starter set to get to where you want to go.

Excellent.  Made with red apples from our yard.  Apples were really juicy.

Now that I am older I understand the idea of food and how it works in the body . They are quick to prepare and darn tasty to eat. I made them as I watched the video yum yum. Sorry next time I will add the photo I ate them all

We loved it!! I did add a touch of allspice and I did cut the pieces small. I doubled the recipe the first time making it and there was nothing left over. Definitely will be making this again. Thank you for sharing.

Perfect but like the other reviews said I only put 2 teaspoons of cinnamon and everything else was correct I cooked it just a little longer and it’s perfect ❤️ also I hen you cut the apples cut the bigger pieces into smaller penny like slices and it’s even better 👋

