Not reviewing this recipe, but answering LORRAINE32's question ... superfine sugar is NOT confectioner's sugar.  It is like granulated sugar but with much smaller pieces ... I make my own by putting granulated sugar in a food processor until it's finer, and it works great.  Also, cake flour comes in a box in the grocery store near the other flours;  not sure exactly how it's different from all-purpose flour, but it is - and it IS different from a cake mix.

I was not impressed with this recipe at all. The name leads one to believe it has a fluffy, marshmallow-like texture, resembling a lightweight pudding. It's a cake, not a pudding. 

The flavor was okay but it is on the greasy side.

I'm confused as to some of the higher ratings on this site because I'm not a new cook, I followed the directions explicitly.

Made it according to the instructions but I only used 1/2 cup of sugar. It turned out perfect. Thank you

This is delicious, especially the sauce on top.  I will probably make it again within the next week.

Was served Malva pudding at Mala Mala in South Africa.  I've made it several times and it is always enjoyed by family and friends.

This recipe needs some changes. First I used a larger 1.5 quart baking dish. Secondly, probably because of the larger dish, it only needed 35 mintues to cook the cake. Third,  the amount of sauce can be halved. It will not all fit in the pan as you pour it over the cake.
Tasted fine,  but  I felt the recipe was not accurate.

Awesome.... Exactly like back home in SA

Excellent recipe, have tried it a number of times and it's a winner every time!!!!

I'd heard of this pudding from S. African friends so thought I'd give it a try. I used my usual substitute for cake flour: reduce all-purpose by 2 T. per cup, add an equivalent amount of corn starch. I did find the vinegar curdled the milk mixture while heating, in future I'd either add it when it comes off the stove or use buttermilk. No apricot jelly so I used raspberry. My pudding tested done after 35 minutes, probably because I used a slightly bigger dish than specified. I used orange juice in the sauce, it curdled straight away although I don't think that matters. After soaking,the pudding was slightly drier in the middle. If I made this again I would like to do what a previous reviewer suggests and pour some of the sauce mixture over the pudding half way through baking. My family liked the pudding warm, I prefer it cool. Thx for an interesting recipe.

This is the exact recipe that my brother-in-law made for me when my husband and I were visiting in Australia.  This is most definitely a cake and not a "pudding" like we Americans think of when we hear the word.  (And I'm not sure where "marshmallow" came from?)   This cake was so moist and rich.  Absolutely give this recipe a try!  Thanks for posting, Hynch.

Absolutely delicious! I used seedless boysenberry jam. Had the perfect bread pudding texture I wanted!

