I wanted to try something new and made this as a side dish for christmas dinner.  It was really good! More like a dessert tho. Tasted alot like a pumpkin pie but with a fluffier texture and without the hassle of a crust.  I really liked this and probably could have ate the whole dish myself!

I cut down on the sugar and added salt/pepper/ & sage for a more savory version. Next time will try cutting down on the butter too. 450 burned top and sides before it set, so I also turned down the heat to 400 the 2nd time I made it. It's enough like pumpkin pie that my 9 year olds liked it and my husband said "you can make this again" which is high praise from him! Also make this for summer campers at work and sell it as "pumpkin pie without the crust" and even with less sugar and butter they love it! I have made it with canned pumpkin, fresh and frozen homegrown and store bought butternut squash- great every time!!

I am giving this 5 stars but, like others, I made a few adjustments. I was afraid that the recipe, as written, did not have enough spice. We added 1 tsp cinnamon, 1/2 teaspoon ginger, and 1/4 tsp cloves.
Also, this can simply take one #10 can of plain pumpkin. Makes it easier.
Next time we will be trying 1/2 brown sugar and 1/2 white sugar, which might give it a bit more depth.
All in all a very good recipe though, given it's ability to be "fooled around with".
 ;)

It was amazing. I was a bit sceptical as to how it would turn out because I doubled the ingredients to make it bigger so I thought maybe I had done something wrong because after I’ve mixed all the ingredients together my mixture was very very thin( So thin that I couldn’t even use my hand mixer because the batter would fly everywhere as soon as I turn it on). Nonetheless it turned out amazing. However, I took the advice from the previous reviews and baked my soufflé at a lower heat, 180 degrees Celsius to be exact. And I just kept it in for longer, I think about 1 and a half hours, I didn’t actually keep count. I just watched it every now and then and did the toothpick test. The toothpick does not come out completely clean but you can taste the bits on the toothpick that it’s done. I let it cool down and served with cream. This will definitely be a staple desert on a Sunday. Thank you for sharing this recipe with us Kattygirl. I’m South African and I had no idea that you could do this with a pumpkin.

Very moist.  I used artificial sweetner instead of sugar and it turned out  fine.  Shared with friends, and they loved it.  Watch the bake time as it browns quickly.

I love this recipe.  We make it every year for Thanksgiving and Christmas.

Tasty and not too sweet, which is how I like it. Also, added spices like cinnamon and nutmeg. Used gluten-flour instead, and it turned out great.

Been struggling to fall back in love with pumpkin, but this restores my faith. Used a few tbsp less sugar and improvised my own cake flour (with some white starch that may be corn or may be tapioca) but otherwise followed this precisely. Outside developed a bruleed-tasting crust--pretty burnt, though I liked it. Shocking. I've never had a souffle before but it's safe to say this rookie version has me obsessed due both to the texture and the flavor, which is pretty much pure pumpkin, with a little buttery caramel in the background. I didn't think that was possible. Pumpkin spice desserts don't hold a candle to this.

The dish was absolutely perfect and delectable. The only change I made was because I didn't have any cake flour  -so I substituted it with 1 tbsp of cornstarch and the rest of the 1/2 cup with all purpose flour.

This is definitely going in my "Get Me A Husband" file.  I used cinnamon, brown sugar, maple syrup, plus maple extract, and coconut milk.  It was creamy with a beautiful maple finish and just the right amount of sweet which was balance perfectly with saltiness of the salted butter.   Next time, I will use coconut flour and more spices.

