This is the actual recipe from Skyline. It was printed in the Cincy Inquirer in the early 70s. I use ground turkey instead of beef and the flavor and texture are the same (my wife says my version is better!). May need to make a batch soon!

I have been using Allrecipes.com for 3-4 years now and have never had incidence with a 5-star recipe before.  I created an account SPECIFICALLY to review this recipe.  I had Skyline chili yesterday and this chili has a hint of the same flavor, but it is not the same recipe.  I followed this recipe exactly and neither my husband nor I could finish our bowls. I'd try one of the Skyline seasoning packets or another recipe on this site.

This is the REAL Cincinnati chili.  Any recipe that starts out, "Brown the meal", is an imposter, and you should turn the page.  The meal is always cooked in the water.  Jim

Love this recipe! I’ve made it many times and have tried different ways to cook the meat.  I have not had good success with boiling the meat and taking the fat off after it’s cooled.  (Maybe my hamburger was too lean.) So I’m sticking to browning the meat with onions, draining it and then do the rest of the recipe.  This is one meal that my family ALWAYS goes back for seconds and I rarely have any leftovers. Bummer!  Because it makes for delicious leftovers!

Delicious change of pace from other chilis, and so simple to prepare (especially if you don't do the whole fat-skimming thing lol). I did my best to follow the ingredients as closely as possible, only omitting the cayenne - next time I'll add some. Enjoyed it 4-way on a cold day watching the game!

I've made this several times, and everyone loves it! I didn't change a thing.

I found it very bland.

This recipe seemed authentic to me, and our guests all gobbled it up! Definitely will save this to make again. I used ground allspice and cloves. I also used an immersion blender to grind the meat up after it had cooked. Highly recommend doing that for a smoother meat texture!

We love this recipe. We did add one green pepper, small diced and substituted ground chicken instead of beef. The flavors of all the spice come together for a wonderful aromatic and tasty treat. We have served it over spaghetti squash, great low carb option.

Very good. I haven't had this since I lost a recipe for Skyline Chili I got from a friend from Cincinnati years ago. The ingredients are similar or maybe the same, from what I remember.

I add 1/2 tsp of cloves and 1/2 teaspoon of allspice. As well as some Cayenne

