One of my friends described this as 'German Potato Salad' meets Green Beans which is a great combo!!   Here's my suggestions for next time:   -- substitute red potatoes if you don't have new potatoes and dice them into 1/2 inch chunks -- after cooking the bacon, remove it and cook the onions in the bacon fat.   Add another T or 2 of butter if necessary -- once the onion is cooked, add the potatoes and garlic.   Cook for a couple minutes and then add the green beans and broth -- do not add too much broth as this will make your 'sauce' too soupy. --  make sure you have a large enough pot to be able to mix the vegetables as they cook.  Otherwise the bottom cooks and the top is still raw. -- Once the dish is plated,  sprinkle the bacon on top for an attractive presentation. -- Enjoy!!

Southern green beans don't crunch when you bite into them. These need to be cooked in a slow cooker for 4-6 hours to be real southern green beans.

I added extra potatoes.  This was delicious and easy to make.

Delicious! I took the bacon out, kept the grease, and cooked everything in the pan with it… I’m never making green beans any other way, thanks for the recipe!

Went searching for a German Marinated Green Bean Salad.  Ran across this.  Perfect for what I was looking for.  Followed recipe except used frozen green beans.  Cooked beans and potatoes about 30 minutes.  A great side dish for barbecued baby back ribs.  Served with deviled eggs and castelvetrano olives.  YUM!

I made these to compliment the Chicken Fried Steak I made for my wife on Mother's Day.  Turned out great.

I simmered mine for 30 mins till green beans and potatoes were both soft.

This was a great recipe. I only made one change and that's to use a yellow onion instead of red. Everyone loved it. I might add a little more balsamic vinegar for taste.

I made this following directions closely, except I used my Dutch oven and cooked them about 25 to 30 minutes so beans and potatoes were well-done.  My family loved it!

Like someone else said, this is where green beans meet warm potato salad.  I used diced red potatoes and then finished it off with red wine balsamic vinegar.  The family loved it.  This is a keeper.  The only thing I changed was fry the bacon then add the onions without taking the bacon out.  It saved a dish to clean and it turn out great.  I used two pounds of frozen green beans as well.  Thank you for sharing.

The only reason its a 4 instead of a five is the recipe calls for too little liquid. I quadrupled the amount and it came out perfect!

