I'm a fried chicken snob, and this recipe came very close to the fiery version I've eaten down South. To turn up the heat, I added a teeny bit of habanero chili powder and that did the trick.

As a seasoned chicken fryer, I also added my not-so-secret ingredient to the flour mixture to make the chicken extra crispy: about a half cup of Matzo meal. Really!

Finally, I have a trusted Lodge cast iron skillet that never lets me down on frying projects. The tricky thing is getting the oil temp just right and keeping it hot. If the oil's not hot enough, it makes for greasy chicken. If it's too hot, the coating burns before the chicken's fully cooked. 

All that sounds like a huge hassle, but it's so incredibly delish, you'll be glad you made the effort!

Butter/lard remained separated from the seasonings & brown sugar, which congealed. Maybe I did something wrong but hard to see how.

Very good,however the sauce separated. But once is cooled down and congealed I was able to get it on the chicken better.

I like it, but it seems like there should be a touch of acid somewhere, like a little vinegar or citrus?

Loved the recipe. I adapted it to be vegan with seitan and milk/fat substitutes, and it still created a wonderfully crispy breading. My only dislike was that I thought the sauce could use some tweaking to really hit a Nashville Hot level of spice and flavor.

Okay , but skip the lard , skip the sugar and add One tablespoon of Worcestershire sauce and Three tablespoons of Frank’s Red Hot and call it Buffalo Chicken ( skip the pickles entirely) … remember , every winning team in the NFL has “Buffalo Wings “ on the training table …you’ll win with your family & friends with Buffalo Chicken !!!

Great Flavor. I did add two tablespoons of honey along with some chipotle and ancho chili powders. Along with two tablespoons of smoked paprika for depth. it was awesome! serviced with pickled onions, pickles, and some garlic aioli on a Hawaiian slider roll!

Chef John, love your recipes!  For the folks who had trouble with the sauce breaking, you can substitute honey for the brown sugar or even corn syrup in a pinch.  I found that heating the sauce very gently prevented it from breaking.

Didn't use lard.. all butter.  Topped on a homemade waffle.  Yum!

Loves this recipe. Have made it many times. I add fresh garlic to the oil and let simmer on a very low heat for 45 minutes to a hour.

This hands down is the best nashville hot sauce recipe you can get your hands on. Im still in disbelief on how good it is. So simple but unbelievably good I added a pinch extra of table salt but then again I am a salt guy. I'm excited to make this for someone.

