OK! never made collard greens in my life.  This review is for all the novices out there that are scared to make this recipe.  This was wonderful!!  I used frozen collards, so I can't imagine how fresh would taste!  I slow cooked mine all day in the crock pot.  I also used 3 thick slices of salted pork and only used one cup of chicken broth for fear of being too salty.  I also added one and a half cups of water.  I didn't have onions on hand so I added 1/2 of a jalapeno, defnitely added some kick to it!  I, too added brown sugar, like I read in previous reviews, also added a dash of apple cider vinegar.  This is absolutely delicious!  Served with black eyed peas, mac and cheese, corn bread and blackened tilapia, it was a yummy start to the New Year.

This was just ok for me, I am from North Carolina, and my roots are from Eastern N.C. So maybe that's why this was just ok for me. I am use to (country ham hocks not to be confused with smoked ham hocks) there is a difference. We boil our greens with the country hocks and fried meat grease, such as fat back ect ect. I had never had greens with onions, garlic and olive oil before. And while I love all the ingredients and it smelled really great while cooking. With collards this was just not for me.

I have made these at least 15 times now. I take them to Thanksgiving, Christmas and other family dinners. People request that I make them. My kids love them. They are so delicious. I also add about a tablespoon of brown sugar and a tablespoon of Better than Bouillon Ham Base.  Gives it a little something extra,  but the recipe is also wonderful as written.

Kudos to Ken Adams for this recipe and the added video. I ran food service for a prison and in February, I let the southern black inmates do their thing with collard greens and it was absolutely off the charts. Definitely add about 1/3 cup of cider vinegar and sugar to taste (tbs or so) and this will not disappoint

I’ve made this many times, excellent recipe! I used to add the bacon when serving so it stayed crispy-yum! I’m now focused on lower cholesterol and heart healthy foods so I use a smoked Turkey thigh & it’s delicious! Adds a nice flavor. I also serve with a small spoon of brown rice. Heart healthy version ;)

Thought this version was very good using homegrown collard greens.   I made it with maple-favored bacon.  Very tasty!

My first time making Collard Greens. I'm glad i found this. It's took me longer than 10 minutes to put it together. Still, a great recipe for first timers. It's delicious.

Great recipe! Not your mothers collards. Those were cooked too long and soggy. These turned out perfectly seasoned and tender not mushy! My new “go to” recipe.

I love her vibe and the recipe is absolutely delish!  You go!

This has to be the most basic recipe for collards I've ever heard of!!!! As a chef, this isn't cutting it. Please don't make this for people. Collards are NOT Swiss chard. They take a few hours to cook down at a minimum,  they require brown sugar, apple cider vinegar or red wine vinegar, smoked ham hocks or some sort of smoked meat. Please, for the love of everything southern find another recipe.

Very simple and very good. I used smoked neckbone instead of bacon and still turned out delicious. I cook the neckbones in water and crushed red pepper flakes to get a good broth from them, then used that instead of the chicken broth.

