Very good flavor! I have made this 3 times this summer, with the last batch having about 4 hot peppers added! We love it with white beans and cornbread. Make it in wide-mouth pint jars, halfpints aren't big enough. Thanks Linda for a great recipe.

One difficulty I had with this recipe: how big is a large tomato? We had large beefsteaks that had bigger water content and larger size than normal. It was hard trying to adjust to what was expected of "24 large tomatoes". Alot of guesswork involved. Surely a poundage or a volumetric measurement would help more!

The simmering mixture turned out needing more vinegar and more sugar in adjustment, my guess being that there was too much tomato from misguessing. That said, I tried my best to get it to a nice outcome but the final product tasted like there was an ingredient missing somewhat.

Still it was a pretty decent, if fussy outcome.

Very very Tasty!!!  I have made it twice.  Once I chopped everything with the addition of two stalks of celery I de-stringed and 2 carrots   I only added 2 tablespoons celery seed and 4 cups sugar.  I did add about 1 tablespoon homegrown red pepper flakes - not hot but a little spicy   Awesome!!The next cook I did the same as above but added 6 Pablano peppers and two jalapeños.  Oh my - just right for my hot loving kin!!! Really great recipe will definitely be in my keeper box. Thank you

Needs more vinegar

The recipe is misleading, it says 24 large green tomatoes, but the video says 6 pounds of tomato, 24 large tomatoes are a lot more than 6 pounds, now I have about 6 more pounds of tomatoes all quartered and nothing do do with them, any suggestions out there would be appreciated.

I found this recipe several years ago and make it every year. I like to use the pint and half jars. They are the perfect size. My favorite thing to use this on is a turkey sandwich. Sooo good.

I have made this relish exactly like the recipe says two yrs. in a row now. 4 jars last yr. and 8 jars this yr. it is so good I will make it every year with my green tomatoes from my garden. try it on hot dogs with mustard and celery salt.

I made it with everything in the ingredient list except I used stevia sweetener instead of sugar. And only half the recommended amount. It turned out great.

We had an abundance of green tomatoes, and I'm normally not a fan of anything with green tomatoes, but thought this might be worth a try... SO GLAD WE DID!  This is not only an easy to follow recipe, the relish is DELICIOUS!  Will definitely make this again!

This is fantastic.  I made several jars and gave them as gifts at Christmas.  It was a Huge Hit!!!

With 6 lbs of green tomatoes, we used 18 medium sized yellow onions  estimating that would equal 12 large. We used 2.5 cups sugar (half of what is called for) and really enjoyed the flavor. I have never liked relish from the store as it was too sweet for my taste. I wasn't sure I'd like this, but I was gifted 9 lbs of green tomatoes. I am glad we gave this a try. Even reducing the sugar, my yield was 11.75 pints. The pint that wasn't all the way full went into the refrigerator and the taste was even better the next day. I also successfully made a half batch, so if you have only 3 lbs of green tomatoes, go for it!

