I made this for a BBQ and everyone loved it!  I personally would have preferred a bit more spice in the batter and will correct that next time.  Also, it should be noted that this is not a quick dish to make, legs and thighs can take up to 15-20 mins and if you're doing this in small batches, you'll be cooking for awhile.  I did my frying in a cast iron dutch oven the grill - hardest part was regulating the oil's temperature.  Any more than 350-360 degrees and the batter will burn before the chicken is cooked.  Any less and the chicken will absorb too much oil.   Also, I did not double-dip, the butterilk was so thick and held so much flour that I felt it unnecessary.  The baking powder really makes the batter increase in volume while cooking - don't leave it out!  I will definitely make this again but with a bit more spice in the flour.

The coating didn't have very much flavor, in my opinion.  I used the seasonings exactly as written but it needed a lot more salt.  I think the double dipping made it too bready and the coating turned very dark before the chicken was done.  I won't be making this again.

Good! Life got busy I ended up marinading the chicken for two days. Only change I made was a single dip and 1 teaspoon of salt to the dry mix. A family favorite!

I always make a seasoned flour/cornstarch mix with Paprika, Lawrys Season Salt and garlic. I take the marinated chicken and coat it in plain cornstarch and then back into marinade and then in the seasoned flour/cornstarch mix and then fry.

Terrible recipe. Chicken is still edible, but absolutely zero flavor. Followed the recipe step by step perfectly, even let the chicken marinade for the full 8 hours.I ended up just adding more spices to my flour bag at the end to try to give it SOME flavor.

This was really good. I only battered once. I used Garlic and Onion Salt instead to kick up the flavor and it worked!

What a terrible recipe. I’ve been cooking for 54 years. My husband & sons & other family members always enjoyed my food.

One of the things I’ve never been able to accomplish was good fried chicken. My mom’s mom (granny) always made the best pan fried chicken. Crispy, golden brown & juicy.  

When I was a teen & into my 20’s, I would watch granny make her fried chicken. Mixed together flour, salt, black pepper, paprika.  Rolled the wet chicken pieces in the flour mixture & fried chicken in a cast iron skillet. She made a beautiful cream gravy for the mashed potatoes.

My mom tried frying chicken & never was successful, same with me. I would end up with at best mediocre fried chicken along with a waste of my time, a greasy & flour mess in my kitchen!

After not making fried chicken for about 20 years, I thought my husband & I would make this recipe. Followed the recipe, except for Dijon mustard (I can’t imagine including this in fried chicken).  Soaked the chicken, breaded it & let set on a rack for 30 minutes. Used a cast iron skillet, used our temperature gauge to try & keep the oil @ 350 degrees.  It took quite awhile to fry the chicken, leaving an oily & flour mess.

The chicken got too dark, breading was soft not crunchy (I was wondering about the wisdom of including baking powder in the flour), the breading was flat tasting.

NEVER again will I make fried chicken! KFC for us.

I wanted this to be good so badly. It was not. I wanted to try a new way to fry chicken. Every single bit of this crust fell off my chicken and I ended up with nekkid as a jaychicken pieces. Served the blobs of crust on the side and advised hubby to interchange bites. It had pretty good flavor but nothing to write home about. I'm stickin with my tried and true Grandmother's approach, which involved nothing more than salt, pepper, flour and fry it up. THAT worked. I'm sorry, but this is a 1 star for me. And indeed, I did not change a thing.

Delicious!

Is was excellent. Hubby loves fried chicken and for him to like it so much I know it had to be good.  The only think I did not do was dip it twice.

Seasoning and marinade were spot on. Chicken was very tender and juicy. The only part that I wasn’t crazy about was the skin. I’ve been in the South all my life and Southern Fried chicken is crispy. This wasn’t.!!

