I just don't get all these people who insist on using boneless, skinless chicken breasts for everything.  A dish like this screams out for bone-in, skin-on chicken.  If you're afraid of a whole chicken, buy an already cut up chicken.  The skinless, boneless breast is the driest, most bland of all the cuts of chicken.  I would never use it for a dish like this, which was wonderful, by the way.  I just increased the spices a tad, and we loved it!

Sorry this one just didn't do it for us.  It smelled really great, but tasted very bland.  Will not be making it again.

For those that think this too bland throw a dash or two of hot sauce on it once its platedthat way those that like it mild can eat and you can have the heat

Very easy to follow, resulting in a fine meal!

Really good recipe! also great with mixed vegetables.

I absolutely loved this recipe.. The flavors are dynamic and I also my Creole seasoning because I’m not a big fan of salt and it was perfect.. I’ve only tasted it cause right now it’s cooking.. But from what I’ve tasted, it’s great.. Kudos to you because I never use recipes of others to cook because my family are cooks but this was great.. I’m glad I used your recipe 😍😍

The gravy was a bit too thin for my liking, and I added a teaspoon more salt. However, it went over very well, even with my picky eaters. Will definitely make again

The recipe is a good base but you definitely need to tweak the seasoning or it is pretty bland. I seasoned my chicken as I would if I fried it (seasoning salt, pepper, garlic powder, onion powder and smoked cayennes) and it still wasn’t enough. I used reduced sodium chicken broth, which is probably where I went wrong.  I will try again and use more flavorful seasonings.

This is probably my favorite chicken recipe. The chicken is tender and juicy and incredibly flavorful. The only modification i make is adding vegetables like parsnip and mushrooms. Just add rice and dinner is ready.

This is a wonderful recipe and I highly recommend it.  I followed it exactly.  Thanks for sharing!!

Made this to go with the ham I prepared for Easter lunch.  It was a big hit with everyone! Will add this to the menu of future family dinners

