This recipe is now a family tradition for xmas morning!  Of course...it is going to be made way more often than once a year...I'd be hard pressed to pick out which was Cafe Du Monde's (fresh in the cafe) and which was this recipe in a taste test.    There is a STEP MISSING from the recipe and it is crucial!!  After you have allowed the dough to rise punch out the dough flatten and then allow to rise a SECOND time...only needs to be for an hour.   This will ensure the beignets are full and fluffy inside and not flat and well...not fluffy inside.  Cheers,  Dane

undefined

Be warned; this is NOT an easy recipe. I was very disappointed when it came to texture and taste. the beignets were not fluffy like I was expecting, and they were very plain without a lot of powdered sugar. the recipe also makes a LOT. be ready for a long afternoon of frying.

Easy to make, only took a few minutes to fry! taste is a little bland, so adding chocolate is a good way to make it taste a bit better!!

Big hit. I made them for Easter brunch. Makes WAY more than 10 servings.

They reminded me of Sante Fe's Popallo dessert served with honey.

I had high hopes for these after reading the reviews. My kids ask for these every weekend, and I just use the mix because going every weekend is too pricey. These are nothing like cafe du monde, the consistency is completely different. The dough is bland, and I even added a good amount of vanilla. These don’t hollow out like cafe du monde beignets, they flake up like you’re frying biscuits. If you’re looking for something comparable to what you get in the French Quarter, skip this recipe.

Very delicious minimal effort dessert. Definitely eat immediately after frying! Tons of powdered sugar is needed. I personally put them in a bag with some powdered sugar and shook it up to coat them.

So much better than the cafe du monde mix. There is a LOT of dough. So if you don't want 40 to 50 beignets you might cut the recipe in half.

First batch needed work but second batch was amazing!Ok so here are the tips, tricks and tweaks for this recipe:1. Try to make the beignets within 24 hrs of mixing ingredients and letting it sit in fridge2. Test the oil with a very small piece of dough. It should puff up nicely. If not wait for the oil to get hotter.3. Make sure the dough is rolled out very thin. If you don’t know how to eyeball 1/8 thin, think of a pop tart thickness4. Add 2 teaspoons of vanilla to the mixture5. Add cinnamon to the powdered sugar to top off6. Enjoy!

Easy to make and it was delish.

