Wow - this along with Heavenly Hot Dog sauce are West Virginia originals that I'm going to start making here in Canada where I now live.

Watch out Canadians!  West Virginia culture taking over!

and... Let's Gooooooooo Mountaineers!

These were okay, not great.  I was hoping for a more chewy dough.  To me, it was too sweet and too heavy.  I will keep searching.

For those who state the dough is crumbly, apparently did not knead the dough long enough. After 8 minutes of kneading, the dough is elastic and pliable. The final texture and taste is spot-on for those of us raised in WV.

I am very confused by the one star reviews.  My dough turned out perfect, very elastic and workable.  I added mozzarella cheese to mine just because that’s how my guys like them they turned out perfect

Absolute trash dough recipe. It’s sweet as hell and crumbles like a scone. The dough has no elasticity like a bread dough, it’s more like working with cookie dough. It all went in the garbage. My West Virginia ancestors are rolling over in their graves.

I am befuddled by these one star folks. I guess they just don't know what they're doing. Seriously.  As someone who has made over a hundred batches of these, I've never not sold out of every single batch within two days.The recipe IS a little sweet, but biscuit like and crumbly?  You're doing something wrong.Love this recipe.

ILike Pillsbury crescent rolls so I used that instead of the listed dough recipe. The first time I just did pepperoni but a couple of days later I added pizza sauce and mozzarella cheese  with cheese to t the pepperoni and made delish pizza rolls

This recipe provides a very good blueprint for making pepperoni rolls, however I think it works much better with these modifications.- Use 1/2 Cup sugar instead of 3/4 Cup- Add Mozerella Cheese in with the pepperoni slices- Cook for 20 minutes instead of just 16

Dough is a heavier, kind of biscuit like dough. Was hoping for a more roll like, airy dough. Flavor is good. Easy recipe!

Being from western PA this recipe is very similar to the local pep rolls at gas stations and such. Never had any issues with the dough. For the people who commented "it's dry" "biscuit like" or "didn't rise" they messed up. If the dough is dry and liquid, if it's wet add flour until you have the consistency you want. A little too much sugar for me I use 1/2C. After the dough rises at room temp I refrigerate until the next day. Much easier to work with. I roll these out this for each roll and add mozz cheese and sauce is also good. I make this at least twice a month for my kids lunches.  They love them.

I tried this recipe twice in one day. Failed horribly.  Didn't rise, stayed crumbly, didn't brown .

