It was good, but due to my families high blood pressure I cooked the gizzards in fresh celery, carrots, garlic and shallots or onion.  The flavor was magnificent.  I discarded the cooked veggies. I then added 1/4 tsp. Kosher salt to flour along with fresh ground black pepper.  I left out the Italian herb seasoning because of the salt content.  My family raved about the gizzards.  Even the family without high blood pressure were happy without the extra salt! Thanks for the base recipe.

The process of tenderizing them is excellent, but I will definitely change the seasonings and breading next time.  The italian seasoning was way over powering and definitely not like any other gizzards i have had in the past.  Just dropping them in plain flour really didn't do them justice either.  I think more of a sage flavor would be much better.

most tender I have ever tasted.  Could have used more seasoning to enhance flavor

I have made these many times and it is great every time.

Good flavor.

Recipe was great.  Modified just a little bit.

I thought that by cooking then for 2.5 hours they would be tender. They ended up being the most tough and tasteless gizzards I have ever had.

Great recipe.  I simmered mine too long, for 180 minutes, making them too soft.  Next time I'll try 60 - 90 minutes.  The wet seasoning technique didn't make sense to me here, so I instead added dry spices to my flour/panko mixture.  You can use any combo of spices you prefer.  I like black pepper, pinch of cayenne, cumin, celery salt, and especially Smoked Paprika.  Make sure it's the "Smoked" paprika.  Since they are already cooked with the simmering, the only purpose of frying them is to set the flour/panko/spice mixture to a light golden brown.  I over-fried mine with 5 minutes per side.  Next time I'll use 1 minute or less per side.  Thanks for sharing this recipe and tenderizing technique!  I nver knew how to cook gizzards before, but this is the only way I'll cook them from now on.

I didnt use cumin or celery salt because I didnt have them.  These were the BEST gizzards I have ever eaten in my life and I'm 50.  My new favorite!!

Best recipe!

Gizzards were like mush on inside after boiling that long

