This is the best cobbler I have tasted! Family went nuts over it. Easy, too! I will make this again, for sure. I would include details on peeling the peaches for newbies. Place the peaches in boiling water for about 60 seconds, remove and plunge into cold water. The skins should slip right off.

This is an okay recipe. To me though, it's not a peach cobbler, it's peaches and biscuits. I live in the south and I don't know why this would be called southern peach cobbler. It was way to dry my family added cream to it just because it was to dry, and didn't have much of a taste. I followed the recipe as stated. I think next time I will be sticking to my old peach cobbler recipe.

Was a hit with my family for thanksgiving no leftovers at all will be making again

The biscuit things did not turn out at all. Way too much bare top. Too much sugar in both the topping and fruit portions.

Love it and so easy for me. Especially doing the crust..

Made it tonight best one yet top was crispy, but a bit too sweet, Thanks for this recipe my Mom loved it, the closest one to the one my parents would buy when i was younger 😋

Great recipe but the cook time is too long. I shortened it because my intuition told me to. Goddess bless I did, because it would have been well over cooked if I hadnt.Note: When you can smell the cobbler, as long as the tops are golden, its time to take it out the oven, no matter what the directions say.

It's terrible to much everything and I will never make it again or recommend it to anyone it will send your body into shock it's so sweet. By giving it one star I am being nice about it.

I made this yesterday cutting the rest of he in half for my best friend who just turned 79 and the three of us absolutely loved it the biscuits were light and fluffy and the flavor delicious I used white peaches and I used the hot boiling water that I poached the peaches in for the hot water for a little extra flavor thank you passing it on to my daughter who lives in South Carolina I know she will love this

I did not like it at allToo sweet. I should have made the crust instead of these biscuits

My husband love it. I make another one as I text this message. Thank you for sharing. Kathleen Ritchie

