Using this recipe with some minor modifications allowed me to prepare better fried okra than my mom!  Instead of plain cornmeal I used a pre-mixed  cornmeal, four, salt mixture.  I also added a little bit of buttermilk to the egg mixture.  I'm sure the use of flour along with the cornmeal is the secret to keeping the batter on during cooking.  Another secret is to make sure your oil is good and hot before adding the okra.

Good ... but, people, keep in mind: This is fried okra, NOT batter-dipped okra. Some of the breading WILL fall off when you are cooking it ... that is part of the dish, however, the "crunchies" ... handle gently when frying, and it will come out yummy ... thanks for the recipe!

These fried up beautifully. I used a candy thermometer and fried at 390. They were super crisp and not at all greasy or soggy. I think soaking the okra in the egg first really helped. I added green Tabasco to the egg mixture and doubled the salt.

It wasn't very flavorful and the cornmeal was gritty. Maybe I used the wrong cornmeal? My grandmother was from Texas and she cooked the best fried okra in a cast iron skillet. I wish I could cook like her.

Loved LOVED it 😍

Very good recipe. I always use whole okra. Crush the pods(and seeds) whole with a mallet, tenderizer, or rolling pin, then follow the recipe.

The recipe is great and the ONLY cornmeal I use is HOUSE AUTRY because it is a fine ground cornmeal. You aren't left with the heavy gritty feel in your mouth. I know that Wal Mart sells House Autry products, just not sure if they sell the cornmeal. I usually order mine directly from the company, but you can only purchase it in 6 count. Well worth it though.

Tasted as good or better than a restaurant and it was very easy.

This was the best ever!

Tasty yummy all in one

These were great, I tried these 2 ways. Once coated with egg and cornmeal and twice dredged.I preferred the once dredged okra, the crust ways light and easily flaked off, the okra was the star of the show. The twice coated ones were super crunchy, they had a nice, hard shell that didn’t flake off.I also used a mix of fine white cornmeal and the regular grain yellow cornmeal.It really helped the coating stick to the okra.Overall this was a good recipe and I’m glad it tried using the egg!I hope this was helpful!

