Having lived in So. Florida for 10 years, the thing that I've really missed (besides the year-round perfect weather!) is smoked fish dip! I came to this site (and several others) specifically looking for it. I don't know what chef you guys mugged for this recipe, but it's as good as any that I had when I lived there!! I made my first batch using the wrong fish, (fresh catfish), and it was still delicious! Warning, if you use anything other than whiting or white fish, the seasonings have to be increased considerably! I serve this with sliced jalapenos, crackers, lemon wedges,and celery. Yummy with a capital Yum! Thanks Chuck & Chris!! Someone in Texas is really delighted to have this recipe!!!

I followed the recipe exactly... and it tasted bland and gritty!  I wasn't going to let $9 worth of smoked whitefish go to waste, so I added a couple more dashes of wor. sauce, 10 dashes of tabasco, an extra pinch of Old Bay, and 1T each of mayo and sour cream.  My family seemed to like it (no requests for the recipe), but I was disappointed.  Too much work for so little reward.

I made some changes just because I had more smoked salmon then just the 2 cups - it still tasted great - and very easy to makeThanks

We have made this with several white meat fish over this summer.  Everyone liked it and most thought it better than local restaurant dips.   We have tweaked the recipe at times with finely chopped green onion or celery depending on the fish... absolutely a hit at parties whether postluck, BBQ or fish fries...

Excellent, used smoked Mackerel.

Delicious!! We have a smoker & used mahi mahi for this recipe. I subbed Greek yogurt for sour cream & added a dash of red cayenne bc I was out of Tabasco. Used my immersion blender. Perfect

Not sure where I went wrong.  Put it in my food processor on the spread setting and it turned to liquid.  Might want to use a mixer instead of blender.

I had a whole pan of mahi left over from work, so I used this recipe and it’s perfect. I’m sure it’s better with Worcestershire sauce (if that’s possible!) but I was out, so I used balsamic vinegar.

Absolutely fantastic. Our friends went fishing and caught some tuna which they shared with us. We smoked it on the green egg this morning and I found this recipe. It's just so delicious and I didn't have to run to the store I had all the ingredients in my pantry/fridge. Will definitely be my go to appetizer for fun gatherings.

We caught some King mackerel and decided to punch the meat & smoke it in the egg. I used it to make this dip and had more than 2 cups of fish, so I adjusted the sour cream, heat and mayonnaise to the right consistency.  I also added a little pinch of salt. This is just fantastic! I plan to serve with lemon wedges, capers and saltines on a bed of mixed greens with finely diced tomatoes. This Florida girl thanks you for an awesome recipe that brings back a taste from my childhood!

It was great. I may consider adding some chives.

