Excellent!! Just used olive oil, kielbasa, no file powder, and added some shrimp during the last 7 minutes. Since I added the shrimp, I used a full 28 oz can of crushed tomatoes. Also seasoned with some thyme and fresh basil. Cooked rice separately, so skipped on the broth.

My rice never fuller cooked, I kept adding broth but the rice is still crunchy.  The flavor was great, but I think this recipe needs adjustment, I should have gone with my gut and cooked the rice on its own.

I just got back from NOLA and wanted to try making my own jambalaya since I only had a taste of it while there.  This recipe certainly delivered!  I used a full package of Aidells Cajun style Andouille, McCormick Cajun seasoning but no file powder as I couldn’t find it.  I probably should have halved the red pepper flakes as it was just a little too spicy for me.  With the lid on, the rice took 25 minutes to cook. Delish!

Solid recipe added shrimp too came out excellent. Cut back on hot sauce and red pepper flakes as some people don’t like it as spicy as me.

I added tomatoes as instructed even though I was very uncertain.  I don't believe Cajun jambalaya has tomatoes, although maybe creole jambalaya does.  This coon-ass prefers his jambalaya  sans tomatoes.

Very disappointing. Followed directions EXACTLY and the rice was crunchy. Kept adding liquid after the 25 minutes  but after 45 mins the rice was still crunchy and jambalaya had a gummy consistency. Make the rice separate then serve OVER the cooked rice.

This is really a delicious dinner meal.Thanks!

Made this for dinner last night and it was wonderful! I don't like reviews that say how great it is but then go on to say they did everything different... then you didn't like this recipe! Which is okay... So I will say that we only did little tweaks that we think elevated the finished dish but preparing as written would be more than fine.  First, peanut oil didn't really appeal to me so we cut 4 strips of butcher (thicker cut) bacon and browned them with a tablespoon of olive oil.  That sufficed for any oils needed for the sausage and chicken (and added a nice flavour base - and we added the bacon bits back in with the other meats.)  We also enjoy shrimp in our jambalaya so I lightly coated raw shrimp with blackening seasoning and put them into the pot about 6 minutes or so before the end. As others have stated, I kept the lid on while the rice simmered and quickly stirred it once or twice to ensure it wasn't sticking to the bottom.  We used basmati which I enjoy more than standard long grain rice. It turned out perfect.  This is a very forgiving recipe and can be changed to your liking.  We'll definitely make this again - perfect for when we entertain company! And I can't wait to have leftovers for lunch

Absolutely delicious.   I think I would  leave the chicken out next time.

Excellent recipe.I used this as a guideline as I am generally looking for ideas rather than an exact recipe.I used a lot of stuff from my freezer- Italian sausage, chicken thighs, smoked ham steak, shrimp.I added w fresh diced tomato and a can of Rotel.A jalapeños and probably double the spices in the recipe.It suits my taste.Loved this recipe.Just be sure to cook thoroughly after adding rice- probably at least 30 minutes after adding rice.Don't be afraid to add more water if necessary to get the rice done correctly.Taste and sample along the way.Great results!!!Thanks again!

Made it according to the recipe except I added shrimp. It was a hit definitely gonna be a cook again meal.

