mmmmmmmmmmmm....Yummy...Just like my grandmother used to make.  Very tender, very flavorable.

1st time cooking neckbones & new to cooking. Found this receipe easy to follow, quick, & food came out fantastic! Will be cooking again!

Came out great I added a couple more ingredients like onion and garlic powder Tony’s instead salt and pepper browning sauce and a packet of onion soup . Tastes great

This was my first try at cooking Neck Bones. I did stray slightly away from the recipe as I had no cloves. But other than that, things turned out great, and now I have something I can impress others with as if I've been cooking for this for a long time  - (smile).

Ok

Neck bone perfection! If you follow  this recipe as written, you’ll have the best neck bones ever!

Delicious! It had all the right flavors to it. I substituted the water with chicken broth and the black pepper with a little jalapeno and crushed red pepper for that extra kick and scored a touchdown with it.

Absolutely delicious and easy to make. I added soy sauce, worcestershire  sauce, liquid smoke and red pepper to the vinegar. Omitted the water. Only had to cook  for 2 hours. Cooked uncovered the last 30 minutes.  Flavorful and tender.  Served with cabblards(cabbage and collards mixed) mac and cheese, and spiced sweet potatoes.  Thanks for the recipe. Will definitely oven bake my neck bones again.

Great recipe and it is just like Mom's and Grandma's and Auntie's 
Most of the time I use Sazon as my salt to give it a little Latin flair

Came out amazing! I wanted to try both so I made one batch boiled and one baked. The only changes made were that I used garlic salt insteand of salt and added cayenne pepper. I will definitely be making this again.

I boil and bake neck bones but this recipe is the best. I added more water (about 1/2 cup) and seasoned the neck bones with onion powder, garlic powder, and black pepper. I set the oven for 300 degrees and cooked the neck bones for about 3 1/2-4 hours (double the cooking time of the recipe) and it came out great! The liquid made a nice gravy to put over rice.

