Sounds delicious! What temperature do I cook it at?

It appears the directions are missing 1 TB sugar as specified in the ingredients list, as well as the temperature of the oven. I'd love to give this recipe a try, but I'm not advanced enough as a cook to be able to guess at either one and expect the stuffing to turn out all right.

omg I found this recipe 2 years ago and have made it for thanksgiving and Christmas literally every year because my kids want it and the seafood lovers in my family ask if I'll bring it to our holiday dinners it's amazing simple and great for all levels of cookers from beginning to end my youngest daughter which was 15 has learned to make it

Very delicious and easy to make

I made this stuffing for Thanksgiving and my family loved it. I just added a few bags of salad shrimp, stead of the medium shrimp, and added Old Bay seasoning for that extra seafood taste. Turned out great!!

Wow, yum. I used 9 oz of cornbread stuffing, 1 pound of shrimp and .5 pounds crab meat. I felt like this was a perfect ratio. It was still a tiny bit wet, but I took it out of the oven every 10 minutes to stir and expose a new part of the casserole to the top AND I broiled for a couple minutes at the end. It was perfect. Bit hit.

This is my absolute go to seafood dressing recipe. My 3rd time making it for the holidays. The original recipe is good no doubt but I've added my own item's a mix of colorful bell peppers ( just for the added pop of color), old bay seasoning, slap ya mama to name a few. I do use real crap meat and lots of shrimp. My yellow corn bread is 2 day's old at least with stuffing mix. So very glad I came across this recipe, wonderful foundation to make it you're own. My family,friends and co-workers look for this recipe at least once per year now. It is a bit pricey but well worth it to me.Thanks for sharing.

Did it for Thanksgiving, came out greatly. Making for Christmas  this time I'm adding crawfish tails.

This by far was my best seafood stuffing. Thanks for the recipe. Besides the turkey this was the first to go.

Family Loved it!!! But I did make one change I used seafood stock instead of Chicken

My husband absolutely loved this!! It is delicious. I used cornbread stuffing mix and cream of chicken soup along with more seafood: oysters, scallops, mussels....

