I grew up on this!  Most people know of sausage gravy and biscuits, but I had not until I was married with children of my own and moved to North Carolina.  In my house, we always ate bacon gravy and biscuits, sometimes as an evening meal!  It is so simple and absolutely deliscious, but I would suggest that you buy lower sodium bacon, it does help cut down on the sodium count.  If you use regular bacon, make sure to add it to the gravy before you test it to season it or you will make it taste briney.  This is also deliscious served with scrambled eggs and fried potatoes.  I would suggest upping the recipe by at least double, as the suggested amounts would make a very small amount which won't serve many.  Enjoy!

Good starter recipe. It's important to have enough bacon to yield the amount of grease needed. 4 slices is a bit on the low side. I usually buy an entire pack of thick bacon and make it all. After it's all cooked and crisp, I mix flour into the grease little by little until it becomes pasty but not clumpy. Last, add the milk little by little stirring between each addition until the gravy reaches it's desired consistency. You have to wait inbetween each addition because the consistency of the milk will change when it is heated. Remember to crumble the bacon into the gravy BEFORE seasoning with salt and pepper. If you have not made bacon gravy before, the best thing to do is to take a few teaspoons of it out, put it in a cup, and season those few teaspoons until you like the taste... then season the whole pot until you match that desired taste. This way, you won't ruin an entire pot of gravy by overseasoning it.

The most important thing to realize about making gravy is that it's more intuitive than it is following a specific recipe.

This was my first time making gravy from scratch.  I had to use 2 cups of milk, 1 cup was just not enough.  Also, I will probably use sausage next time,  the bacon grease didn't provide the robust flavor that sausage would've done.  But all in all, this was a good base recipe to work from.  Thanks!

Wanted sausage gravy but Had no sausage.  I did have bacon.  Tried this recipe and it is delicious.  Very easy and tasty.  Will definitely make again!

This is identical to the gravy I make using either bacon or breakfast sausage, crumbled except instead of milk I use half and half. It may have a few more calories but we're talking breakfast here.

After making bacon gravy like this for years (yes, I grew up southern), I have found a couple of tricks--the importance of browning the flour and grease first, AND my newest discovery--an immersion blender can remove most of the lumps--which I still sometimes get.  Just plug it in and use it in the skillet.  I use a cast iron skillet so I don't have to worry about it scratching.

Very good, and super easy!

I have always used sausage in my gravy for biscuits. Saw this recipe and had to try it, since hubby prefers bacon. Yummy stuff!

For the 1/4 cup of flour it was necessary to use 3 cups of milk. The mixture looked like cream cheese icing before the extra 2 cups of milk. Honestly, I could’ve added another half cup for a better consistency. So if using 1/4 cup of flour, I suggest having 4 cups of milk available.

I found this lacking in flavor. I added Butter and Worcestershire and some dehydrated onion. 
It improved the flavor, but still lacked a bit. We did like my version .

Delicious easy would do again

