These were the BEST fried green tomatoes I've ever had in my entire life.  I followed the directions EXACTLY and they couldn't have been any better.  The batter stuck perfectly, and held up really well.  This was my first time making these myself, and I had NO problem whatsoever - in fact, I had NEVER even friend anything before and I STILL had no problems.  For all you "first time fryers" my sister gave me this tip:  to tell when the oil is hot enough, dip a wooden spoon into the oil and look to see if bubbles form around it.  If bubbles form, your oil is ready to fry in.

The directions to cut the tomatoes so thick is definitely wrong in my opinion. I find they will not get done or tender when cut so thick! 

I've been cooking for 54 plus years, but am still willing to learn. I now cut mine very thin (about 1/8th inch), salt and pepper them and simply flour them in SELF-RISING FLOUR and fry them in very hot Peanut oil -- A few at the time and very quickly. They are great and CRISPY!!! Drain them on several UNCOATED (cheap) paper plates.

These were terrific. I’d refrigerated some green tomatoes before frost. Followed recipe exactly aside of not having enough cornmeal (used more bread crumbs). Turned out great. Leftovers reheated in oven (375 for 10 min and broiled after for a few more). Definitely will make again next summer!

They were perfect!!!  Make sure the grease it not too hot!!!!

It was great.  I embellished the spices a little and added more cornmeal to have more to coat the tomatoes.  It turned out wonderfully!

So easy to make and very favorable. 1st time ever making this. My boyfriend loved them

We deep fried ours in several inches of oil after catfish and it was excellent! I put just a tiny bit of sugar on them before I started the dredging process to take any hint of bitterness out. I also cut mine a bit thinner, like a quarter inch.

This recipe is fantastic!   The breading and cornmeal mixture make a crunchy and tasty treat.  I plan on freezing some so I have this year round.

1/2 inch tomato slices with batter? Not even close, but I reduced the salt, cut the tomatoes much thinner, added my garden herbs, made a yogurt sauce and it was yummy!

Loved it!!! Thank you.

From UK so haven't had them before and I wasn't sure what they were supposed to taste like. The coating turned out super crispy but I found it very salty so would definitely reduce that. Overall they tasted OK, I'm not sure if they are supposed to be tangier but I tried 2 different types of tomato and neither were very flavourful. I think I would probably add some herbs and spices next time.

