Excellant! I made a double batch for a picnic and none was left. I went a little lighter on the sugar and used half the milk and half the buttermilk called for and it was perfect! I also used a grater to grate the onion into the dressing so it would be distributed well. Very very pleased with this recipe. It was the ideal blend of snappy and sweet. Thank you Krissy.

I made exactly as the recipe stated and this recipe was just a little too sweet for us.  I also thought the dressing was a little too thin.   I will try this again because I thought the flavor profile was good, just too sweet.  Next time I will cut back on the sugar and omit the milk.  I think it will be thin enough for my taste using just the buttermilk.  If you like a sweet coleslaw though, this is the recipe for you!

Just the right amount of everything! I add two Tablespoons chopped dill.Other recipes have too much Mayo. This is perfect!

My family loves this!!

Loved it exactly as it asked and added a package of imitation crab.  (Seafood theme).   So yummy.

Yummy! I followed the recipe with just a couple of shortcuts. I bought coleslaw mix and shredded carrots from the produce department and chopped extra fine. Was it a little soupy? Yes; but delicious!

A friend of mine brought this coleslaw over as a side dish, and I loved it!  She gave me the recipe and I found out it was here on all recipes.  I came to find it so I can save it into my recipes.  A couple of changes my friend did, that I feel works out great were 1/4 c. Sugar, 3 T of vinegar, and 3/4 tsp salt.  Great recipe, and goes amazing with shredded pork shoulder sandwiches or as a side to shredded pork!

I had to jump on here again and say...  This is the best coleslaw I have ever made/had!!!  Very easy, minimal ingredients and if you don't have buttermilk, making your own is so easy.  YOU WILL NOT REGRET MAKING THIS ONE.  Thank you for a GREAT recipe.

This coleslaw is the best I’ve ever made!  No changes either, it’s a billion times better than KFC…My cabbage head I got from the store was HUGE!  One cabbage head typically is about 8.5-9 cups shredded and my cabbage head after shredding finely was about 18 cups.  Just make sure to measure out so you have good proportion of cabbage to sauce ❤️

I had never made homemade coleslaw before I thought it would be too difficult. I was wrong thanks to this recipe. It was absolutely delicious. I will never buy coleslaw again. Thank you for sharing.

Excellant! I made a double batch for a picnic and none was left. I went a little lighter on the sugar and used half the milk and half the buttermilk called for and it was perfect! I also used a grater to grate the onion into the dressing so it would be distributed well. Very very pleased with this recipe. It was the ideal blend of snappy and sweet. Thank you Krissy.

