This is awesome! In the video he talks about "the holy trinity" ~celery, onions and green peppers but in the written directions it says "green chile peppers". Next time I will use green peppers. I think he used canned tomatoes in the video but I used fresh and it was fine. Next time I will also cut down on the cayenne. It was fine for hubby and I who love spice but may be too much for the non-spice lover. That said, with or without the cayenne I think it could use double the spice blend. I have 2 big eaters and myself. This recipe was enough with a small amount of leftovers. Thanks Chef John, can't beat this recipe!

Not bad but not nearly enough of the holy trinity. Also it misses having a browned roux, but is easier without that step. For that amount of shrimp you want at least a cup of onion and 1/2 cup of celery and bell pepper. Also I think adding a bay leaf is essential for flavor, but otherwise I followed this recipe and it came out pretty good.

I made as written. I have made this a dozen times and it is still one of my favorites.

I love chef John! He makes everything so easy to follow!

omg i made this tonight it came out amazing i added my own touches though... i added more butter and i made a side rou because it was too thin with the full two cups of stock. i cooked it longer i let it simmer for about 30 mins and added a little extra Worcestershire sauce and i made yellow rice instead of white. we also paired it with red lobster homeade chedder bay biscuits with rustic cut sharp chedder cheese.

Fantastic!!! The whole family enjoyed!! Will incorporate into future meals.

No changes, was perfect!!

Very delicious! I made with garlic and shallot oil since I can’t eat those and tossed in jarred roast peppers and served it on cheese grits. Yum!

I thought this was quite good- for me it needed more spice so I ended up increasing the amount. Next time I will increase the veggies, too. Otherwise easy to make and delicious!

Excellent!   I made it as listed and it was perfect.  My son added some smoked sausage to his and it was fantastic as well.  Will be making it again for sure.

Definitely added some seasonings, hatch green chilis and other stuff. Was outstanding. Topped with a little asparagus and a piece of smoked sausage

