This is a great recipe! I did not change any of the ingredients, but in the directions I put the flour and ice cold butter into a foodprocessor and blized it together for about 30 seconds- (Much easier than cutting it in) Then I continued as directed. The biscuts still came out light and flaky.

Well, I can see I'm in the minority here, but while the flavor was good, these were dry and hard...Maybe it was something I did. I followed the recipe to a 'T'. I've made other biscuits in this manner w/o problems, so I can't imagine what went wrong. I will give these another try soon, and update. Thanks for sharing. :)

First time EVER making home made biscuits. This was a hit. I had butter already frozen, sliced that up and it worked well. I don't have a pastry cutter, just used a fork. YUM!

Made this two times.  Both times they are flat and sad looking.  Nothing like the OG photos.  Even bought fresher ingredients for the second time around. Same result.  Bad recipe

I just made these biscuits because they remind me of the old style McMuffin from McDonald’s where they had a biscuit with sausage patty or bacon and an egg in it and that’s what they used to sell instead of the new style McMuffin. Anyhow, I made these and they turned out wonderful. I did have to fight with US and UK weights and measurements as flour measurement differs in cups over here I ended up using 300 g of flour as well. That is what my cup measurement weighed and I did what he said put the butter in the freezer. I think that’s what he said and grated it cut it in used buttermilk once again the mixture was dry as I feel the US/UK weight measurement is off a little bit so I added a teeny weenie bit more butter milk did what he  said folded it three times  I made my biscuits bigger so I got six biscuits and two mini ones they’ve come out triple the size and I love them. They taste really nice and suitable for what I wanted to use them for which is a breakfast muffin with sausage or bacon with a fried egg or small omelette inside, it’s perfect,  they taste nice and flaky must be the grated butter I froze first a definite re-do.  The only thing I will do next time is minus some flour maybe 50 grams as like I said there are so many websites that advertise the US/Uk conversions and my own weighing made it 158 grams per cup and this was lightly spooning the flour in and levelling it off so something maybe with my “JosephJoseph” cup maybe off who knows please someone give me advice about this and conversions.

It came out hard and dry, didn't raise much. The taste was just ok but not a buttermilk biscuit I would want to eat again.

its so good, cant go wrong with chef Jon! thanks buddy!

These were perfect! I used to work with my dough way to much. I followed this recipe step by step and cut the baking back by a few minutes and they came out great.  Everyone else agreed.  Thank you Chef.

This has been my go-to biscuit recipe for 5+ years...it's delicious, and Chef John has always been reliable! However, I noticed today that the webpage seems to have been updated (pics added, some wording changed).  The recipe proportions also seem off - the dough was far wetter than usual when I made it. Perhaps the flour was decreased? Whatever it was, I was disappointed. I'll keep making this recipe, but I'll also tweak the ingredients until the dough is the texture that I've made for years.

I Wouldnt make again. They were flat even the suggested measurement and they were dry. I recommend doing 2 cups flour, 1tbsp baking powder,1/4-1/2 tsp of salt 1/4 tsp baking soda, cut in 1/3 cup shortening and then 3/4 cup buttermilk. Cut 1/2 inch thick and baked at 450 degrees for 10-12 minutes. Got it out of an old cook book and it looks and tastes so much better than these.

Since I had self rising flour, on hand, I use that.   The biscuits did not rise as much time as I had anticipated. What should I do to make them "fluffier? " they taste fine.!

