This recipe is awesome! My family loved it. To fix the buttermilk dilemma some reviews have mentioned, try this: to make substitute buttermilk, add 1-3/4 tablespoons of cream of tartar to a cup of milk, or add a tablespoon of lemon juice or white vinegar to a cup of milk and let it stand for 5 to 10 minutes. In many baking recipes, you can also just use plain yogurt or sour cream instead of buttermilk. I use the vinegar method but the rest are good to know. I never buy buttermilk anymore because I never use the whole carton. Buttermilk is one of those where I could have it for weeks then not need it, as soon as it goes bad I need it. This is handy to keep in your box for any recipe calling for buttermilk, when in a pinch use a substitute.

this was okay..it had a taste of too much flour for me, and not sure if i liked cooking in shortning,im used to veg.oil so to me it seems like i can notice the shortning when i take a bite, the gravy i made wasnt bad..thank you for sharing.

Amazing. Perfect. My steaks were very thin so I figured 2 1/2 minutes on each side. Unbelievable! I ran out of milk so I made a brown butter gravy with chicken and beef stock. Fantastic recipe. THANK YOU!!

Terrible! Followed the recipe exactly, THREE times! Breading comes off immediately when put in the oil and I even tried some of the crispy bits...bland trash. DO NOT MAKE THIS

The taste and texture was incredible! Tender meat, crispy, crunchy crust, creamy gravy! One warning though, I made the mistake of mixing the buttermilk , egg and seasonings in a shaker bottle. Everything was going fine until I added the baking soda and baking powder and my shaker exploded all over me and my kitchen!

This was the best recipe I've come across for Chicken Fried steak. Beware that the wet ingredients grow as the baking powder is activated.  Going to try same recipe for fried chicken thighs tonight. Yum, give it a try

My recent experience was nothing short of excellent, and it left me looking forward to the next opportunity to savor this classic dish.

My husband loved it!!!

I made this tonight. I’ve never made it before so I was nervous. It was very simple to follow. I did use vegetable oil for the frying, and I made my gravy with bacon grease because I save it,The meat was tender and juicy the batter was crispy and very flavorful.  I will definitely make it exactly like this again.

Thank you for sharing this recipe,  we made it for a good friends birthday dinner with homemade mashed potatoes and fresh green beans and she Loved it. Although we did not have any buttermilk we googled what we could substitute and learned that by mixing 1 cup of milk with 1 3/4 tsp. cream of tartar, tada we made buttermilk. We also omitted the garlic, chili sauce and it still came out yummy in our opinions.  This recipe is a keeper,  Thanks again for sharing. 😋

This is a great recipe! my family was looking for something new to try came across this.  We didn't have buttermilk but that didn't  change anything, still tasted super delicious.Thanks !

