Shrimp and Grits - a dish that has been nagging me for years to try it. Last week, while in Memphis, I finally tried it and fell in lust.  But the dish was VERY spicy and on the greasy side and I knew I could do better.  I researched Shrimp and Grits on my flight home and learned a lot, not the least of which was that it was originally a breakfast dish.  I also learned there are as many ways to make it as Mama makes her meatballs, and everyone thinks theirs  is the true and only way  to make it.  I say bah!  Make what appeals to you - wine, no wine, tomatoes  or not, okra, no okra, cream or no.  The variations seemed endless.  Make what appeals to you - and this recipe appealed to me.  It ran circles around the dish I had at a popular restaurant in Memphis (clearly they do much better with barbecue!) and both Hubs and I thought this was "lick-your-plate-clean good."  Because it is my preference I  used polenta rather than grits, but the difference, really, is marginal.  I used chicken broth in the  polenta/grits rather  than the water simply so as not to waste what I had left.  It just contributed a richer flavor anyway!  The recipe itself is perfect in my mind.  I can't say enough how blown away Hubs and I both were over this.  It is traditionally a humble dish, but it is also quite elegant - something I will be sure to keep in mind when I want to impress.  Once again, this version of Shrimp and Grits is a real "beaut" and I would suggest following it to the letter.  A+

This was my first time having shrimp and grits of any kind. Although it wasn't bad, it wasn't the best recipe I've ever made.

It was different and good. I will likely make it again.

Delicious. Serve with less of the sauce so it doesn’t get too soupy.

The recipe was easy enough to follow and since I chopped the veggies and gathered all of the ingredients before starting the cooking process, I was able to tend to each detail.  And yes, it was totally worth it.   It turned out wonderful! The first bite confirmed that this is exactly what I’ve been looking for. The only change I made was that I added 1/4 cup of half and half along with the chicken broth, directly to the roux.  I still used the 2 cups of half and half with the grits but felt like I’d have a better roux by adding just a smidge of cream.  Simple, yet so elegant and tasty. I will be making this  again for our annual Christmas Eve brunch.

Easy and delicious!!!!Everyone loved it❤️!

Very Good!!!

Recipe was delicious! I only changed up using polenta cakes instead of grits but it soften up like grits with the sauce and I would definitely make this again :-D my husband loved it as well

I've made this a few times and it is an excellent recipe.  It's not too spicy like some dishes at restaurants.I did not add the garlic because the sausage has enough already for my taste.

I signed up for an Allrecipes account so ai could rate this. It is the best thing I ever tasted, and I can't believe I made it myself. Thx Chef John!!!

I've been making this for years. This is better than restaurants! Follow the recipe to the T and they will love this more than a restaurant's. I get asked to cooked this all the time.

