I love this soup and usually kick up the spice a bit by adding at least 1/2 to 1 tsp of the red pepper flakes.  
You can adjust the pepper flakes to your desired spice level.

this was not pleasant!  yikes!  I could barely eat this, and just forced myself to do so.  I don't know what everyone is talking about--the peanut butter flavor was completely obvious.  My husband who had no idea of what was in it, was able to call it out immediately.  Don't try the peanut butter soup unless you LOVE peanut butter!!  (liking peanut butter is not enough to enjoy this!)

Made as is, but I upped the red pepper and doubled the recipe... bc who doesn't love leftover soup?! Keep the peanut butter at 1/4 c. if you double. This recipe is a new favorite. We ate it for dinner 3 nights. Then when it was gone my boyfriend asked me to make it again! Thanks for sharing :)

Really good! Picky hubby even liked it. Used Italian spiced canned tomatoes, as that’s all I had on hand. Skipped the okra, as I forgot to pick it up and I’ve never had it. Making this part of the rotation.

I love this recipe. I added a serrano pepper with the onion. It added a little more heat than having just red pepper flakes

Great, great stew!!! I used 3/4 teaspoon red chili flakes.

I did make a couple changes--I didn't have any turnip in the house so I threw in some frozen root veggie mix from costco which was purple carrot,golden beet,parsnip,sweet potato.
Also, at the end of the cooking time when you are supposed to add okra, I added kale in stead! Otherwise I did it as the recipe said--SO Yummy!

This is the best soup I have ever had! I made this while friends from Baltimore were visiting (I'm from Canada) and it was delicious. 

I have diet restrictions and so I had to substitute cabbage for spinach and chicken for tofu, also, we don't really have okra here so I used green beans. The end result was amazing. 

Thank you for this recipe! I'm surely going to make it again and again!

Overall I really like this recipe! Picky eater husband is not a huge fan, but I already made another batch to pick at for lunch this week. As advised, I made some minor modifications. I doubled the chicken, skipped the okra (couldn’t find it in the supermarket), added more red pepper flakes, some crushed garlic, and salt. I also used unsalted chicken stock because it’s what I had on hand. Served with a warm baguette. Might try to make ahead and freeze for a hearty treat on lazy cooking days.

Made for a dinner party and all loved it! Made without any red pepper flakes since some do not like spicy food. It had enough flavor from the other ingredients though if you like some heat/spice it may be too mild without the flakes. We will be eating again soon!

Excellent cooked chicken in garlic and Tony Chachere ( Cajun seasoning)

