I used Pacific organic free range chicken broth, skipped the sugar and these greens turned out delicious. They were as good or better than any I've had. I used kosher salt, which tastes more salty than regular or sea salt, 1/4 teaspoon was the perfect amount.

Lord don’t mess up a good bunch of turnips with oily olive oil.  If you want greens without fat, just boil with a pinch of salt and serve with pepper vinegar.  Don’t forget the cornbread to sop up the pot liquor.

A friend brought us some turnips today. I, myself, do not care much for turnips, but these turned out great. The only thing I did different is I used bacon flavored olive oil. When I go on vacation I always look for an Olive Oil /Vinegar shop and buy many flavors to cook with.

Yes I substituted a couple of the ingredients instead of using virgin oil I used corn oil and I added some garlic and some onions and some chopped up ham to it it was absolutely delicious thank you

First off, don’t ever substitute collards for turnip greens.  We’re  talking apples and oranges here.  Turnip greens leafy tender green.  while collard greens are entirely different in texture and taste.   And should be cooked much longer.  I hope this is helpful.

It was a good recipe, however I added bacon. That made it just right..

The family really liked these fixed this way. Simple and an excellent flavor.

Simple and quick and tasty. Thank you!

People LOVED this recipe.  Seriously I was stunned.  It was way easier than I thought  - washing and prepping the greens is the hardest part.  I added a tablespoon of white vinegar, some red pepper flakes and otherwise followed the recipe and they were all eaten.  They were a bigger hit than the Christmas gifts!

This was my first time making turnip greens and this recipe was so easy and, most of all, delicious! This will be my go-to recipe for making them. I put a few pieces of sliced ham (with a little fat) in with the liquids and because I usually think everything tastes better with garlic, I added about a teaspoon, and there were some mustard greens mixed in with the turnips so they went into the pot, too. Hubby said these tasted better than Mom's and he absolutely loves her turnip greens.

This is a good recipe. This southern girl needed to let go of the bacon fat and this was a great substitute

