Rather than immersing in a deep fryer, I pan fried the liver under medium heat, using less than half a cup of walnut oil.  Once both sides were golden brown, I turned off the heat and let them cook completely.  If you have a glass covered saute pan, that helps to keep an eye on the livers without them spattering out of the pan.  I also dumped the leftover flour mixture into the leftover egg and milk mixture (add 1/2 tsp sugar and 1 tsp baking powder) and poured out small pancakes in the pan.  The garlic is REALLY strong in the pancakes, but they were a perfect accompaniment.  Both are delicious!

This is a mixed review. First, the taste (especially with hot sauce) is really very good. However, the making of these are hazardous. I had to turn off the flame twice to make sure the oil that splatters and leaks didn't hit the flame before I could clean it. Also, if you eat too many of these, your stomach will be mad at you.

Love me some fried Chicken livers!!!!!!

Very good easy to make good ole southern cooking what my mama use to make

My husband used to buy these from KFC as a treat. Not to my taste, but he loves them.  They aren't always available anymore. This is an up-grade from KFC, according to him. Thank you.

It totally fed my craving for chicken livers. I highly recommend Tennie Cooper's review and suggestions.  Served with fresh home grown tomatoes for a quick and tasty dinner!

Delicious.  Thanks for sharing.

I researched how to make fried chicken first before I made this recipe and read that you should leave the milk and egg and livers out of the refrigerator for a full half hour before you start. I soaked them in buttermilk for 2 hrs. beforehand. I double dipped them too. Fried a pound of bacon and used the grease to fry them in. Next time I will spice up the flour and it will be much better.

For the love of all that is Southern , you must use bacon grease or at least a 50/50 mix.Never salt until right after you remove from the pan.Them butter beans look soooo good in your pic.I also like to fry onions in grease for a bit to flavor, remove them and cook with just the grease.Your Welcomed.

Easy to follow, delicious

I added a little cayenne pepper to the flour mixture. tasted just perfect for me.

