I have to give credit where credit is due.  I have tried many recipes from this sight and I will have to say that this one is probally my favorite so far.  My whole family loves this.  It is my husbands favorite dish and my youngest son which is 9 says that this corn "rocks".  I do suggest using 1 and 1/2 (16 oz.) pkgs. of corn, 1/4 tsp. of pepper, and 1 tsp. of salt.  I also think that it is best to heat all the ingredients except for the corn on the stovetop before placing in the crockpot.  Start on high in the crockpot and cook for one hour.  Turn to low and cook for around 3-4 hours.  This one is realy good.

Made this yesterday and it was very easy but I see why people have said in their reviews it is like corn with cream sauce instead of creamed corn.  It is the texture of the corn.  My advice (I wish I would have done this) use 2 bags frozen white corn (of course fresh is better but if you don't have fresh corn).  Put one bag in the blender or food processer with the 1/2 cup milk.  Combine bag of whole corn and blender corn in crock pot.  I think the cream cheese and butter could be reduced also.  Just ok, the recipe, I am sticking to my mom's tried and true, melt a stick of butter in pan add flour, add 2 bags white corn 1 blended in blender one whole, add milk and cook on stove top, she added pepper too, (mom :) rip).

My family loved   this! I did add some canned chopped green chili's the second time I made it. We loved it even more.

I had a cup of leftover frozen corn. This recipe just happened to be in my email. So, I reduced the amount of each ingredient and prepared the recipe. With one big exception, I cooked it on the stovetop. (No need to mess up the slow cooker just to try it with such a small amount of corn.) It was very good.

Great flavor and so easy to make ! And it was a big hit with the kids.

This is a go to for my Thanksgiving dinner!

It's delicious

I make this for my school's luncheons and there's never any left over.

I have made this for several years no variations have had several compliments

This recipe is a keeper with a little tweek or two. I used twice the corn and after cooking for an hour or so I used a submersion blender and creamed the corn. It came out AMAZING!! (I used a cheap 32oz big of whole corn. Store brand no less. Don't spend a fortune on white corn, use yellow while corn kernels and cream it.)

I didn’t make any changes. Every time I take this to a gathering everyone wants the recipe. Unfortunately, I never have any leftover.  😏

