Warning -- you will eat so much of this you will feel sick!!!  Our family version of this recipe includes adding the juice of two lemons, cayenne pepper, cloves, and bay leaves to the water. Oh so good.

Don't use old bay seasoning use Zatarains crawfish, shrimp and crab boil(in a large pot use 1/4 to 1/2 cup based on how hot you like your food)  Use smoke sausage or Farmer Boys Smoke sausage ..Also place a whole peeled onion and a lemon cut into four pieces. You must do this to stop the seafood flavor from overpowering meats etc. You want to taste all of the different food items.

I agree this needs more Old Bay, also, I was told in South Carolina to add an onion and a stick of butter!

While taste is an individual preference, I live in the low country right on the GA / SC boarder and grew up on low country boil, and the recommended amount of seasoning in this recipe is extremely below what most people would use in the low country to flavor this dish. With only a Tablespoon of old bay it’s going to be extremely bland. That old bay flavor is one of the attributes to this dish, so I HIGHLY SUGGEST adding 1/4th to 1/2 a cup of old bay seasoning per gallon of water.

I made this last night and it was a huge hit with the whole family. Simple and delicious!

i live in the coastal lowcountry of georgia where this dish is most popular. low country boil is WAY more than just food but i won’t digress too much there, iykyk.  also, with respect to the chef, ain’t no self respecting host gonna serve low country boil that was made with ONE TABLESPOON of old bay.  Try one CUP and you’re getting warmer.  Last i checked there’s no shortage of Old Bay.  Load it up and enjoy!

Too much water, not enough seasoning.

I had  bought a bag of mixed seafood at the store - shrimp, mussels, scallops, and calamari - and wondered what to do with it. Well, THIS! Cut the recipe down for three people, but the premise is the same, and the process worked. Would have worked better with more shrimp, but that's no fault of the recipe. We had just made a big pot of veggie broth, so used that and added water for the base. It all turned out to be very good. Could stand a bit more Old Bay I think.

I added Crayfish and 4 lobster tails instead of crabs and only used 16 ounces of sausage (my family isn't into a lot of sausage). I added 4 lb. of large shrimp and 2 bags of extra-large shrimp. Only used 2 lb. of potatoes. Everything else remained the same.

I loved it, so easy I had 3 meals out of this recipe!

Quick, easy, and delicious...

