Good recipe. Can be cooked in a covered cast-iron casserole inside the oven (Dutch Oven style). Add a few drops of lemon juice or (sour)clover leaves. (Zuuring in South Africa)

My 17 year old daughter made it tonight and it took my husband back to his childhood. So in other words it was a hit, she added a can of tomato and onion mix also a small packet of tomato paste. PS add the potatoes earlier as it takes longer to cook also add very little water as you go along

I put 3 tins of chopped tomatoes so I added a little more of everything. The potatoes should be added earlier because I could for 4 hours instead of 2 AND added water each time but the potatoes were still hard.

I did adapt this but the base is fabulous! I used small fresh cherry tomatoes, tri-tip steak since I had no lamb, and a combination of red garnet yams and one Russett potato. I also used some broth I made from a goat shank bone instead of a bouillon cube. Since I'm gluten-free, I used Arrowroot instead of flour to dredge the meat and added Harissa seasoning, three cloves of garlic, and one poblano chile chopped for extra spice. 

It simmered down beautifully making a rich, thick gravy and very tender meat. I will definitely make this again! Thank you. 

I forgot to take a picture.

I made it pretty much to the recipe,however I used a pressure cooker and let it stand to minimise cooking time

Lovely - followed the recipe, and added spinach right at the end. Served with white rice and pumpkin -- South African style. Will make it again.

Actually, made this recipe more than once.   We have good fresh tomatoes and
NZ leg of lamb available here.  Didn't have bay leaf, substituted fresh ground coriander.   After the first steps make sure the heat is low enough not to burn the bottom, then cook for a long time. Delicious!  You will get compliments.

Turned out amazing! I made this for a book club where we talking about a book based in South Africa and I will definitely save this one for many future events.

My Afrikaner husband hasn't been able to visit home (South Africa) for 4 years. He misses the traditional recipes that he enjoyed as a kid. I decided to surprise him by making this along with some putu pap and melktart. 

I followed this recipe almost to the letter but couldn't restrain myself from adding garlic. The final product was perfection. The meat and potatoes were so tender and silky. The sauce was flavored perfectly. It tasted very traditional, like my mother-n-law made it herself. 

Thank you so much for this recipe! It will be a family favorite for years.

This tasted exactly how I remembered it as a child.  I made it for my Dutch family so it was their first time eating it and they are begging me to make it again. Super tasty, sauce has so much flavour. Make sure to buy quality stewing lamb to make this recipe at its best.

