This is how I fixed them.  The only thing is I roll them out and put tooth picks in them then freeze for an hour or so until very hard.  Then I just peel them off the paper and dip in the chocolate one at a time. After they cool I take out the tooth picks.  If they get soft just pop back in the freezer.

I love bourbon and almost everything with it, but I must admitt to being disappointed with these.  I used good quality bourbon and chocolate, but I thought they were too sweet and too dry.  Might try again with some tweeks.

Made these last Christmas and plan to make them again this year. I make them essentially like buckeye balls. Make sure the nuts are chopped finely and when added to the sugar and butter to make the balls, freeze them immediately.  Just like I do with the buckeye balls I melt the chocolate chips and add some paraffin to make it easy to dip. Stick toothpicks in them before dipping. Lay them out on wax paper and when the chocolate is hard, put them back in the freezer. Doesn’t take long to thaw out at room temperature and then eat as many as you want whenever you want.

Very disappointed with this recipe. Couldn’t taste of bourbon and near impossible to form into balls… they fall apart very easily.

They tasted really awesome but I had a challenge with the chocolate dip. We are going to keep working at it to develop a good technique.

This is the way my Mammaw always made them. She made them with "the same bottle of bourbon" every year. I swear she took a nip or two over the months before the holidays but either way they were a great memory as well of the delicious things she made. She always made the holidays special by always adding "Love" to all she did for our family.

I did not use any nuts in the recipe. I used 8 vanilla wafers.

The bourbon soaked in to the chopped pecans perfectly. I soaked them for about 24 hours. I needed to add some Canola oil to the chocolate chips to have a nicer consistency to work with. Also be sure the balls are very well chilled prior to dipping. Everyone loved them!

I actually made a profile on here just to say that this is the worst recipe I have ever made. No, that’s not overly dramatic. It’s true. The ‘dough’ was sticky then crumbly and simply tasted awful. I wouldn’t even admit to using our good bourbon for it.

Super easy to make(bourbon,butter, pecans and chocolate best combination EVER). After I soaked the pecans overnight I blitzed them in a food processor to make them a more consistent size. I used a small cookie scoop to make the balls, and also froze the balls so they were easier to dip in the chocolate. Will become a much used recipe

WOW!!  First time making but definitely not the last.  I did soak the nuts in a mason jar. Add enough bourbon (Willett) to just cover them then just rotated the jar throughout the week.  Used a slotted spoon to remove from the jar into the butter/sugar mixture. Came out perfect. Put rolled balls in freezer for 30 minutes. I used melted chocolate almond bark (used 1/2 of a 24 oz package) and a fork to coat.  They are so creamy and delicious!!

