I thought this was a 5 star finished product, but it takes way longer than 10 min. prep time, melting the butter/cocoa to a boil takes at least that. Make this your first step, so it can be cooling while you deal with the dry ingredients, etc. Rather than struggling to blend eggs and sour cream into a lot of dry stuff, whisk them together separately, and add gradually while running the mixer on Stir for very short periods of time, then add the lukewarm cocoa mix (too hot and you might curdle the batter). Finish by hand. All told, it took 30 to 40 min. to get it in the oven, which is really where the ease begins. It cooks quickly and you don't have to stay up all night waiting for it to cool so you can ice it. Take the time to scale it if your pan is bigger, it is tricky to do the math but it will make a difference, you won't end up with a big flat chocolate cracker. The pan size in the text is 10X15 but the pan size in the header is different; use the 10X15 size. Multiply pan dimensions to give you sq. in. (150 for this recipe; my pan was 192). Divide your pan area by 150, and multiply the result by 35 servings. This tells you what number to plug into the servings box; hit scale and it will automatically do the conversion for you. Odd stuff like 2 1/2 eggs can be rounded to 3 without catastrophe (I did it). Or just go buy a new 10X15 pan.:)PS-sift the sugar for the icing after measuring and before mixing, for no white lumps.

Needs more chocolate flavor. It was ok otherwise.
Will not make as written again. I would start with 7 T of cocoa powder for cake and frosting, use buttermilk in the frosting, and maybe try coffee for replacement of the water.

This is the best Texas Sheet Cake I have ever made.  I followed the recipe from start to finish and it was perfect.  We had it on Thanksgiving Day and topped each piece with ice cream drizzled with caramel sauce.  It was delicious!

I used half of sugar and used brown sugar for other half of sugar called for in recipe.

Having lived in Texas for 25 years and working with 25 women in an office who had pot lucks every week, this recipe was a staple.  We have had other versions, but non can beat this version.

I followed the recipe exactly, and the 10x15 pan was too small.  The cake totally filled the pan, and left no room for icing. It was delicious, but messy. I will use a bigger pan next time.

Very good, made cupcakes instead of the cake but baked it 350 degrees for 20 minutes.

Using corrected instructions aside, I used all the recipe's ingredients as written.  Having never made a "Texas Sheet Cake" before, I was pleasantly surprised how simple and tasty it is!  The video is a great help.

This cake was easy to make and my whole family loved it, especially my one and two year old grandsons! I have always loved Texas sheet cake, but had never made one myself. I will definitely be baking this again.

I made it as written - but made a 1.5 times batch. It was a little thicker in my pan so took about 30 minutes to cook. It turned out delicious!

I decreased the sugar in the cake to 1 C. and then in the icing to 2.5 C.  I also used Cacao instead of cocoa.   Was sweet enough for our family like that.

