This fried chicken receipe is absoultly fantastic,if you take your time get all your ingredients together in two groups,it is easy to make. It smells so good while it is cooking,and the taste is truly unbelievable.And so moist and juicy.I will make this receipe over and over.Thanks Chef John for sharing. The receipe looks intimidating but it isn't.   Try it you will see how easy it is,and the taste is the best fried chicken ever.

Really great after alterations. I can say with confidence that this would not have been as good without the changes. I doubled all the spices and seasonings (except salt, which I kept the same). The end result was perfectly flavorful, which to me means that it would have been bland with the written amounts. Also, I cooked the chicken between 275 and 300 degrees, and they were perfectly brown at 19 minutes cook time. The breasts were slightly dry, they should have been taken out earlier. The dark pieces were amazing, though.

Tried this today,  and it's really,  really good.  Just the perfect flavor. I say double the flour mixture though,  especially if you are making tenders.

I've prepared this recipe a few times.  First time following instructions as written. Lately I've been using whole chicken wings. Double each spice to kick it up a bit. Overnight marinade makes all the difference in the world.  Couldn't tell much of a difference between using vegetable oil verses peanut oil. This is a keeper.

375F for 20-25 minutes, and you'll be fishing out a few pieces of charcoal.  I did mine at 325F for about 12 minutes and it was perfectly done.  Also, as another poster mentioned, double the spices in the flour mixture.  Other than those two things, it turned out great.

I have questions. This sounds wonderful but I can’t help but question the calorie count for two pieces of chicken. On the KFC site the extra crispy version of a breast is around 400 calories and a thigh is about 300 calories. The extra crispy versions are the higher counts and they are coming in at almost half the calorie count. I read the disclaimer regarding the buttermilk, but…? It just feels off to me and I do rely on nutritional values when looking at recipes. I’m very aware that this would not be a diets friend but I believe there is room for everything in a balanced diet.

That is some tasty fried chicken! As a southern woman, I am expected to impress with my fried chicken skills. However, that really wasn't something I had much experience cooking. Thankfully CJ saves the day. The husband was very impressed! I made as written minus the peanut oil as I only had canola. This will be the go-to, special occasion recipe from here on out. Thanks, Chef John!

Very yummy, tasted almost like KFC !!

Easy taste was wonderful

I used boneless skinless chicken breasts and soaked them for 6 hours.  I then cut them into 1/2" thick pieces and returned them to the buttermilk spice mix before flouring them.  Initially I tried air frying one breast but the flour stuck quite badly to the rack. The next three were fried in a pan with about 3/8" of canola oil.  My family loved these, even the air fried ones.  We will be having the pan fried ones from now on.  They are better than any we have eaten out!! Thanks Chef John.  As my husband says - "You can never go wrong using a Chef John recipe!".

Amazing

