The original recipe was quite bland for my taste so, on the second batch, I added approx. 1/2 tsp of salt, garlic powder, onion powder and black pepper to the batter. I shallow fried and flipped halfway through cooking. We dipped in ketchup, and everyone in the family gobbled it up! The next day, we made it again with both squash and potatoes. With the minor adjustments to the seasoning, this is a definite keeper!

These were really disappointing for me.  My grandmother had an amazing recipe for "fried" squash that she baked in the oven, using summer squash/zucchini and cracker meal.  I expected this to taste different and tried not to compare the two, but I just really didn't think these were very good.  The corn meal breading wasn't great and they were quite bland.  The squash on the inside was nice, but there are so many great recipes for butternut squash that are far less trouble and tastier than this one.  I'm glad I tried this, but I won't be making it again.

Very easy and fast.

Loved it

Not sure how important it is, but I didn't have or use cornmeal. I used olive oil and I'm don't think my oil was quite hot enough when I started out.  My squash was pretty greasy/oily. Also, I didn't set them on paper towels after frying because I was afraid they would stick to the towels and come all apart.A dash of salt on them after frying and before eating (after they cooled from SUN temperature!) and they were fried squash.  I'll do better next time.

This is exactly the way my grandma made hers as well and it’s a good recipe I didn’t change a thing. It reminds me of home.

Great recipe that has made all of my family squash lovers! The first time I made these, the coating didn't adhere as nicely as I'd have liked. The second time, I dipped them each in flour first, then the egg/milk mixture, then cornmeal. This worked a lot better (an extra step but worth it!)

Very good ,  crispy not soggy

I made it for my hubby. He loved them

I used yellow squash and swapped out the cornmeal for panko bread crumbs.  Fantastic!

I want to experiment with the seasoning. But my first attempt was great

