For Kerms, the water is supposed to be for the rice. Not the etouffee. I think that was your mistake.

I tried to make this etouffee and it was a disaster!  I think the measurements might be wrong.  With 3/4 cup of butter (that's a stick and a half of butter) and 6 cups of water, I basically ended up with butter soup.  The recipe only calls for a couple of tablespoons of tomato sauce.  Within 6 cups of water, that doesn't do anything.  Maybe its supposed to be tomato paste?  I'm not sure what I did wrong, but I basically ended up with melted butter floating on top of slightly tinted water.  I ended up having to throw the whole thing out.  It was very disappointing because all the shrimp (I didn't have crawfish) was wasted.  Maybe I did something wrong, if so please tell me!  I was so excited when I read the other reviews.  Mine just didn't turn out anything like it.

Let me start with this is really good for a quick recipe.  No joke.  You can do a lot worse.I did change a few things.   First I started with the "Holy Trinity" (onion, green pepper and celery) rather than just onion.  It both bulks this up and makes it more authentic.Second, for the folks that say it has a floury taste -- indeed, if you're making this in 15 minutes, that's gonna happen.  An authentic roux, when you add the flour to the butter/veggies you drop the heat to low and you stand there and stir for a while -- how long?  Until it looks how you want it -- the longer you go, the darker it gets JUST DON'T BURN IT!  Then proceed with the rest of the recipe.I agree with a few of the other commenters, it's very thick -- simple solution, add more water!   I ended up at around a cup and 3/4 for the consistency I wanted.Last thing, while I thought it was an awesome add, I'd omit the green onion and add as a garnish or condiment, it was kind of heavy.Also, I admit to a cheat of my own, I used a 1lb bag of frozen/cooked crayfish meat (not just tails), it was awesome for me, but full disclosure :)

Loved it!Used cornstarch instead of flour per other recommendations.Made my own cajun seasoning - 2TBS paprika, 2TBS dried oregano, 1TBS onion powder (not really necessary), 2 tsp cayenne, salt and pepper

This was delicious although the Cajun seasonings was a bit salty. I will either reduce or find a less saltier version. I didn't use water but instead I reserved the crawfish parts after removing the tails and boiled them in water creating a wonderful broth. I used that to boil my rice and add the cup to the roux. I also added a chopped red pepper and a celery stalk and 4 ounces of hot Italian sausage. Great flavor! I'm definitely making this again.

I changed the recipe, I only added a stick of butter and I only used 1/8 cup of flour and I detest green onions.  I use parsley in everything I cook every single day of my life.  It came out excellent and there’s no left overs.  I cooked me some yellow rice and potato salad to go with my crawfish.  If my momma was still alive, she would want her plate first.  It’s that good..

Absolutely delicious!!! I added shrimp to mine and it turned out amazing !!!!

Instead of flour, use a couple of tbsp of cornstarch.  It will thicken the gravy just as well and you'll get more of the crawfish taste instead of flour taste.

I have made this twice going strictly by the recipe and it comes out more like crawfish gravy. Just too much flour and butter. Maybe less flour? It just covers up the taste of the crawfish and is just mushy on the rice. I need to go back to Justin Wilson's recipe I guess. I tried it, just wasn't what I expected.

Easy and amazing although I only used 1 cup of rice and it was plenty for me to meal portion.

perfection

