Absolutely incredible.  I have made the cake twice and both times I cut the recipe in half.  I also substitute applesauce for the butter in the dough and add lots of raisins and prepare the dough using a bread maker (use extra milk instead of the water and just throw the ingredients in the bread maker according to its directions - I do liquids, then dry ingredients, and yeast last).  For the filling I also use applesauce instead of butter but add a little at a time to get a nice pasty filling that I can spread.  Before I bake the bread, I add an egg white wash so that it comes out golden brown.  I can not believe how delicious this cake is without using any butter.  No one believes me that it isn't full of oil and butter.  My favorite recipe!!!

Made this as written once and it was OK. 

Made it again with a few changes and it was the best king cake I've ever eaten! 
-The second time, I made half the recipe, only one cake. 
-I accidentally dropped about a tsp of nutmeg into the dough but it tasted better like that than the original amount. 
-I spread 8 oz. of cream cheese before the pecan filling, which I doubled (used the same amount as would be used for 2 cakes), and substituted dried cranberries for raisins. 
-I baked it at 340F for about 35 minutes. 
-I also made a cream cheese glaze with regular granulated sugar dissolved in a few tablespoons of water because I was out of confectioners sugar.

With these changes, it is a 5 star recipe. As written, it's a 3. The dough is quite good, just needs more filling. Careful! not to over-cook. It will dry it out and it won't be and good.

I cut the recipe in half, needing only one cake. I haven't made a yeast dough in ages, and even using a thermometer, it took me four tries to get the yeast to do its thing. Like others, I found that 375 degrees was too hot; the bottom of the cake was overdone and a little tough. In addition to baking at 350 instead, I'd also recommend doubling the filling; I think the cake could have done with a bit more. Other than the overcooked bottom, I found the cake to be light, fluffy, and delicious -- this recipe is a keeper for me!

Yum! Definitely halve next time — I’m only backing for 4. I was baking at 6400’, and it only took 20 minutes at 375 before it was DONE. I used a piece of pasta (cavatappi, so we wouldn’t miss it) as the bean/baby.

I had complete success.  Made this for a group of about 20-25 and didn't get to take home a crumb.  It's now a part of my permanent baking files.

The reviews that mentioned cream cheese, extra filling and lower oven temp made this Fan-Freaking-tastic

My go to recipe every year. This year I made one filled with cinnamon cream cheese and one filled with cinnamon and walnuts. For me, 350° at 27-30min works great

Like some others I made half but I left the filling full size which was great.  I also cooked it at 350 like the video said, 375 seems too high.  It was done just under 30 minutes.  Family liked it a lot.

This king cake is gooooood. Used the comments below and cooked at 325 for 30 min. Also added cream cheese to the filling. Rest I followed instructions. This is very close to Nola style king cake. Love it and will make again. Thank you!

Experienced baker here. Followed recipe precisely. I knew from the start the oven temp would be too high and I was right. The cake was a very dark brown after 25 minutes and still underdone in the center. Dough was quite dense. Not light and airy like genuine King Cakes I’ve had from NOLA. Flavor was ok. I would look for another recipe to try

Doubled the filling, otherwise perfect! 🐷⚜️

