When I told my Hubby we were having "Ground Beef & Cabbage" for dinner he looked at me like I was crazy. To our surprise, not only did HE like it, so did our very picky kids! I changed very little, which was to add Garlic to the cabbage mixture and used 2 cans of tomatoes as suggested by other users. I think if you were only to use a 1/2 head of cabbage, 1 can of tomatoes would be enough. Next time, I'm planning on making this w/ all the ingredients listed, garlic, 2 cans Italian diced tomatoes and 1/2 lb Italian Sausage. This is a super-easy, budget-friendly, hearty meal for your family and it tastes great to boot! Don't forget a pinch of red pepper flake & some TX toast on the side! Yum! Thanks for sharing!

I couldn't bring myself to boil ground meat, so I sauteed the onions, garlic, and beef in a pan with the herbs; then added the cabbage and tomatoes, covered and cooked for 30 minutes. I served with polenta and sprinkled with parmesan cheese.

Fantastic recipe. So easy to make, tastes great and is healthful. This is a great way to get cabbage in your diet.

Ohhhh YUM! I used purple cabbage because that's all I had. This recipe is amazing and so easy! I used some Mrs. Dash, pepper, and garlic salt in it. I'm absolutely making more of this! So easy and inexpensive!!!

Wonderful meal. Thank you for sharing it. I did add some seasoning as I cooked because of the reviews, I had a ‘hamburger seasoning’ handy. Hubby added spiracha. Great and great. I’m looking forward to cooking it for my parents.

To the recipe I took some of the suggestions and added hot Italian sausage and a couple garlic cloves and fresh tomatoes. I also added a tiny bit of tomato chicken bouillon. Will definitely be making It again!

Very tasty. I added  Italian sausage, onion with ground beef cooked in separate pan .. sautéed cabbage, carrots first then added tomatoes. Once tender then I put it all together and cooked 10 minutes longer.

this is a great plate. Everything can be had at a farm stand. fresh tomatoes work fine as well. Cooked a pound of spaghetti and reserved the pasta water. added the pasta to the cooked cabbage and used the reserved pasta water to get the noodles coated just right:) enjoy!

so tasty for such a simple meal.i added cup of tvp granules soaked in broth since I'm vegetarian as well as 1tsp.caraway seeds and I used a 28 can of diced tomatoes

Great and delicious. I had to add  garlic and ginger paste but I used half cabbage.The whole family almost licked their plates. Thanks for any easy and yummy recipe.

I thought it was on the bland side even though I doubled the Italian seasoning and added garlic.  While cooking the dish I added salt 3 times and still need to add salt while eating even though  I normally eat a low salt diet.

