This is exactly same recipe handed down through generations of my mother's southern family.  We've never had it written down, so there's always too much inconsistency and variation.  Thanks for putting measurements to this!    I do always add a dash of salt and a bit more butter to mine than is called for here.   When I was a little girl, all my friends wanted to spend the night so they could have Chocolate Gravy for breakfast.  My kids have introduced several of their friends to it as well....looks like the tradition is in no danger of dying out anytime soon!

Okay, this was an okay attempt at chocolate gravy, but I had to tweak it.  I live in the south and we take chocolate gravy very seriously.  I had to increase the cocoa to about 1/2 cup instead of 1/4, and I had to add about 1/4 teaspoon of salt to give it some flavor.  I was surprised to find this recipe didn't have any salt listed.  It was good after those two things.

Tasted just like my aunt on my dad's side. Totally enjoyed it all.

Yes I used sweetener instead of sugar for a house of d no diabetics

Great recipe. Perfect ratio of cocoa and sugar.

Yummy! It started to thicken too much so I added more butter. And for taste I added about 1 tsp of salt.

This too is the same recipe that my grandmother handed down to me that her mother had handed down to her for generations now. The only change that I made was not adding the vanilla, in my grandmother's recipe it did not call for vanilla. My grandmother told me that the recipe had come from the Great Depression era that they only used 5 ingredients then & those 5 ingredients were flower, sugar, cocoa, water, & butter, So it was cheap to make, filling, and went a long ways to feed everybody in the family.

Loved it. Made it for my Sunday school class

I’ve made it several times when I am craving something sweet. It’s really good, easy to make and affordable! Be patient when making.  I stirred the whole time, on and off moving the temp up and down and for about a minute took off of the burner to stir. I then took the heat down and let it bubble, stir, bubble, stir and it ended up being a thick gravy consistency. Just be patient. It’s worth it!

It’s great! Just like my grandmother used to make when I was a child!

I made the recipe before reading the comments. My mom and grandma made this once a month growing up and still to this day. But would never tell me the recipe.  Because they never wrote it down. With that being said. It was always hit or miss if it was going to be smooth. But this is a good base for making perfect chocolate gravy...

