NOTE: There should only be the juice of 1 orange, plus the zest of same orange. I'm going to try and change it.
Also, I have updated this recipe to use the new Knorr Homestyle Chicken Stock from concentrate--it's amazing! Much better than tinned chicken broth. Another variation I tried out yesterday was to fry up a bit of panchetta or bacon, and then cook the onion in the rendered fat instead of the butter. Then top each bowl with a little bit of the panchetta/bacon. It adds depth to the flavor and makes it positively delectable!

Serve this soup with a dollop of sour cream or a drizzle of creme fraiche and a couple of croutons, or a side of garlic bread. Enjoy! :)

way too much orange juice unless the recipe is incorrect.  The juice of four oranges is over powering.

Delicious.  I used a Trader Joe's mix of veggies with mirepoix and butternut squash and rosemary plus some additional butternut squash cubes.  Love the orange!

I added fresh ginger and ground nutmeg. A little milk to thin it some. Delish!

Followed as written! I needed to add a little extra chicken broth to cover my squash. Very smooth and the orange was a great flavor bonus! Will make again

This is an excellent soup, very creamy in texture and flavorful.  It comes as a nice neutral base, strictly tasting of squash, so you would have to spice it up if you are looking for something a little extra.  I like it exactly as written... and it creates a beautiful presentation as well.  This is very easy to make and, for those who hate the work of cutting and cubing the squash, most grocery stores sell it already done and then the recipe goes much more quickly. This is a favorite on my list and I will make it again and again!

I used boxed butternut squash soup which worked just as well.  However I will cut the orange amount in half next time as it overpowered the squash flavor.

I like this recipe because it is not overly sweet and the sour cream gives it a nice tanginess. I roasted the squash first because it's easier to deal with. I shortened the simmer time since the squash was already cooked.

This soup is wonderful.  I roasted my squash in the oven its so much easier. I added a can of coconut milk as one reviewer did.  I love coconut milk. This recipe is so easy.  I will make this again with a bigger squash.

Creamy and DELICIOUS . Perfect just the way it is. No tweaking needed

Made with cream cheese, cinnamon and nutmeg. Topped with a swirl of cream. It tastes too good to be squash soup.

