Awesome 5++ stars. To the readers who had dry bread.... 1/4 lb not 1/4 cup butter!!! This might have made a difference if you read it wrong, 1/4 lb is 1/2 cup of butter. Also I put it in my greased preheated iron skillet for 25 min, excellent!!

No true Southerner puts sugar in the cornbread.  The secret of Southern cornbread is to heat the fat in a skillet and pour the batter into the hot skillet.

The best cornbread ever!!!  I melt the butter in my Griswald #8, then stir in the rest of the ingredients in order…about 20 minutes in the oven finishes it up perfectly!

Delicious!  Why do all the Southerners comment about the sugar/sweetness?   This recipe is called "Grandmother's Buttermilk Cornbread," and not "Grandmother's SOUTHERN Buttermilk Cornbread."   The highest corn producing states in the US are in the Midwest, and NOT the South.  Are people outside of the South not able to make their own version of cornbread?!?!?!

This cornbread is delicious. I hate to tweak the recipe but I’m one of those crazy people that doesn’t care for sugar in my cornbread. I completely left the sugar out and made one and a half times the recipe because my cast iron skillet was so large. There is a mention of some notes about cooking in the cast-iron skillet but I did not see them anywhere but no matter it came out perfect. It was a little confusing because I thought my eggs might curdle in the pan with the butter but I had the butter temperature  down very low while I had my cast iron frying pan heating up in the oven. I have to say it was delicious and will be using it for my half cornbread half white bread stuffing. I don’t tell anybody I put cornbread in the stuffing because they might freak out but it is DELICIOUS! And so is this cornbread. Thanks to the poster for this recipe.  One final note the recipe calls for a fourth a cup of butter but it should say a half a cup.  I read this in the reviews somewhere. That could explain why some people’s cornbread was dry.❤️

I added a couple of chopped jalapeños and 1/2 cup of grated cheddar and1/2 of canned corn and baked in a hot cast iron skillet with bacon grease.  When kids and guests come home for a visit.  They all request our cornbread.Great recipe

So easy to make and the best cornbread I’ve made…better than many bbq places we’ve been.It freezes well, and fries well! We will fry a sliver of it in the morning and top it with a runny egg. A great breakfast.

Best cornbread I’ve ever made or eaten. I follow the recipe as written, but do bake it in the iron skillet as suggested by some reviewers.Bless the person who submitted this recipe!!!

Works perfectly every time. Baked in a well greased cast iron skillet (for those crispy edges).   Can’t be beat. Sweet cornbread is the only way. Don’t believe the haters.  Be good to each other.

Very good results, husband even made positive comments. Though I did make several adjustments. Cut the sugar to 3 Tbls; 1-1/2 cups cornmeal + 1/2 cup flour (next making will be 1/-1/4 + 3/4 ratio) ; 3 Tbls butter + 1/4 cup canola oil. Had to make the buttermilk with lemon juice and skim milk.Melted butter in cast iron skillet, oil mixed into the batter. Baked about 25 minutes; results had a nice brown crust on the bottom. Not cake-like or too sweet…just good cornbread!

I found this to be a bit dry and crumbly.

