Very nice recipe.  Good to see some South African recipes on here.  Keep up the good work.

This was just ok. The marinade was fairly bland but the apricots caramelised nicely on the BBQ and worked well with the meat. Probably won't make again though.

Loved this recipe!  My husband loved it too!  I did follow some of the reviews and added garlic, vinegar and brown sugar to the marinade.  Absolutely delicious!

Nice. However, being South African, I don't use stew meat for kebabs (Sosaties). A good grade of either lamb/chicken/beef is normaly used. I also add a touch of vinegar, brown sugar, curry to taste and garlic. Enjoy

Nice. However, being South African, I don't use stew meat for kebabs (Sosaties). A good grade of either lamb/chicken/beef is normaly used. I also add a touch of vinegar, brown sugar, curry to taste and garlic. Enjoy

This was terrific.  I added 2 cloves of garlic and brown sugar instaed of white. Plus some red, yellow and orange peppers and a nice sqwirt of lemon juice.  Served them on pawarthas for lunch.

This was delicious.  I added 1 tsp of trigosal which is a Colombian spice that can be found on some Spanish supermarkets. I also baked it at 350 degrees for one hour and added tiny potatoes to the skewer. Yum Yum yum.

This is a delicious recipe. I usually substitute chicken instead of lamb and add more curry powder and sugar to my marinade. I gradually add in more curry powder and sugar until I like the taste. Only adding the suggested amount of curry and sugar is not enough to give the marinade a good flavor. If you're able to find Cape Malay curry powder, try it in the marinade, it's the best. I find that thinner pieces of onion work best for the recipe.  This meal is the perfect meal for a warm summer day!

this was okay as a marinade; a little bland but it did make the lamb tender.  I used lamb pieces bone in and didn't make kebabs.  I kept all other ingredients the same sans the apricots which I omitted.  I did add salt to the marinade.  The onion was overpowering after it had sat in the yogurt overnight and I used a medium onion cut into chunks.  Personal choice but I prefer to make a marinade out of the "Mixed Grill of Sausage, Chicken and Lamb With Tandoori Flavorings".  All said, it did make the lamb very tender and I was very glad to try a South African recipe.  Thanks!

It is really good to see classic South African recipes. Very few people know what type of food South Africans eat. Having left south africa 2 years ago, it is so difficult to find recipes that I have forgotten. Thank you !! :)

This was just ok. The marinade was fairly bland but the apricots caramelised nicely on the BBQ and worked well with the meat. Probably won't make again though.

