I was hesitant to make this at first but I was hungry, had all the ingredients at hand and  really didn't feel like eating fastfood. This is soo good. I even got an "mmm..mmm" from my hubby. Although I am not a big fan of canned tuna I do love avocados and keep finding ways to make it a part of my diet. Avocados are loaded with MUFA's (mono-unsaturated fat -->the good kind) which actually helps your body get rid of the "bad" fat. So Gracias for sharing this recipe!

This was a basic tuna salad recipe stuffed in an avocado.  I really enjoy the idea of tuna salad in an avocado and it has inspired me to think outside the box.  Next time I will try to put a Mexican spin on it by adding cumin, tomato and some chipotle to the dressing. The filing is a little dry as written; I did add an equal amount of plain yogurt to the mayonnaise for a little healthier version.  This is a solid base off of which you can customize to your own tastes.

I added "Flavor bomb" snacking tomatoes, a sprinkle of dried dill, and adjusted ingredient amounts for a serving since I wanted to eat the whole avocado. Even after adjusting ingredients, this still clocks at under 500 calories. The mayo I used was chosen foods avocado mayo and the balsamic vinegar was a decent quality Balsamic Vinegar of Modena. It's a beautiful quick and healthy meal with great flavors.

It was a good idea. I added balsamic glaze to it as it lacked flavour. Celery because hubby likes it.

I made this and it was so good!

My take on stuffed avocado with yellow-fin tuna, vegan mayo, dash of cayenne and red pepper flakes on a bed of fresh spinach! This filled me up and I didn’t even get halfway through.

Its tuna fish on an avocado.  Good but not great.  Will eat again.

Delicious!  Didn't change a thing.  Very flavorful and healthy.

Not hard to make, fantastic presentation and delicious.

I substituted the tuna with halibut and made the rest of the recipe as written.  It was wonderful.  My husband ate more than his share

Excellent! Made as the recipe calls for and this instantly became a favorite! Light and flavorful just the right side dish or the main course. Enjoy!

