This was excellent.  Take the time to thinly slice the garlic instead of dice it as it makes a difference (especially if you soak up the sauce with a nice crusty bread, which you definitely should!).  Next time, I will make sure I have a better paprika - the regular stuff is fine, but a smoky hot paprika would have been better. I tried to make up the difference with a bit of chipotle tabasco, which was not out of place but could've been better. This is a very simple recipe which I'll definitely make again.

I don't gave sherry. Replaced it with wine vinegar and made the recipe a bit sour. Will try again with sherry.

My favourite quick dish of all time! I prefer using medium-dry sherry and double the amount; then, towards the end, I reduce the sauce after taking out the shrimps. The other day, I made more for friends and they ate everything straight from the pan, even mopping up the pan with rustic, sourdough bread!

Perfection! Just like I remember dining in Barcelona off Las Ramblas

This recipe really had no flavor regardless of the amount of garlic. I went step by step as instructed as I usually do when I try a new recipe.Friends did not care for it either.

Lovely recipe - and as easy as Chef John describes. Although I had 'Hot Smoked Paprika' - I found it not 'hot' - so I added a 1/4 teaspoon or so of Cayenne pepper powder - be careful I suppose. I par-cooked the shrimp, and then took everything to a dinner party as a tapas round. finishing and serving from the hostess' kitchen. Also, the hostess I prepared this for - from Barcelona -  surprised me by giving the finished bowl of shrimp and sauce a quick squeeze of a half lemon. Was great with the added tartness but did change it from the original, I suppose. Still very rich and complex. The lemon did 'brighten' the flavoring.VERY Scalable - I used three bags - each bag had 2 lbs of Jumbo frozen raw shrimp - 8/12 pieces per pound. Par-cooked and finished in batches.

I have made this several times and loved it.  Last time I had run out of sherry and substituted French Vermouth - this was the best one yet.  I may also gone heavy on the garlic, but that is nearly always a good idea.

The spices were a good flavor but there was too much of an oily taste.

Delicious and easy! Pro tip: sub apple cider vinegar and water (1T each) for the 2T sherry that the recipe calls for. Crowd pleaser! Great over angel hair pasta. Thanks so much!

Nice, simple recipe. I used medium dry sherry and around 6 cloves garlic. Wonderful !

I used the Goya seasonings for the recipe.  My guests loved this dish.    It is quick and easy with a very different and zesty taste.

It's going to be my Go-To entertaining starter.

