I used 4 cloves garlic and sardines in olive oil (drained), and 4 TB tomato and basil pasta sauce.  My husband (who is not a fish fan) absolutely loved it!  I loved not only the taste, but it was very quick to prepare!

I'm one of those straight-out-of-the-tin sardine lovers, so this was a good dish to try. This recipe is a good base, but I prefer it to have more of a kick--I added several tablespoons of canned pasta sauce that included hot peppers. I think the quality of the dish depends on the brand of sardines used. Some brands may not actually have sardines, but herring and other types of fish.

I used sardines in oil & medium shells (what I had on hand).  Added 1 cup pasta sauce, a little pasta water & Italian seasoning.  I plan to make this again to use up excess sardines & pasta gifted to me by a friend who moved!

Made the recipe just like it was written,  the only thing I adjusted was the amount of lemon juice and red pepper flakes,  I like more lemon flavor and a little more Spicer than  most people , turned out great, will definitely make it  again.

Made as stated & we all loved it, even our picky 5 year old.  Thank you!

Loved it! I changed nothing the first I prepared it and it was great. The second time I happened to be low on Parmesan cheese so I augmented by stirring in some cream cheese and that, to me, made it even better.

I used sardines in oil with 3 tbsp of tomato paste instead of sardines canned with tomato sauce. I also substituted the olive oil for a tbsp of the oil from the sardines. Next time, I would add few spoonfuls more of the pasta water to make the overall dish smoother.

I like this, easy to make it your own.   I use sardines in oil then add a small jar of spaghetti sauce (crushed tomotoes would work well also).   Not enough salt for me so I also added anchovy paste, added saltiness and flavor.   I could also see adding capers.   I also added mushrooms.  This is a good recipe to keep the ingredients on hand.   Nothing really spoils and onion and garlic are always in our house.

Totally awesome !!  I did add a little tomato paste.i like a very rich tomato sauce..definitely a keeper..

Added spanish olives, little extra tomato sauce and fresh parsley to garnish.

Was pretty ok I you want a fast and easy meal. I guess I just don't like sardines that much.

