This is my recipe and I just wanted to add a couple things.

1. You don't really eat the whole head of garlic you just let it infuse its flavor into the broth, I don't even peel it.
2. Continally test the broth until it's perfect before adding the rice, as a trick; once it's perfect you can take a little out then add water and salt in the pan and cook till it's perfect again so you'll have perfect broth set aside to add to perfect broth in case you need a little more for the rice w/o having to water it down.
3. You can add some roasted red pepper slices on top for a nice presentation.
4. I forgot to mention the most important part, squeeze lemon juice on it before you eat it!

Hi!! My name is Maria, and I'm from Valencia, also, I'm a cook, so I love paella and know really well how to make one, I'm 25 years old and almost every Sunday of my life I ate paella. The real Paella Valenciana doesn't have green peas, but you can add, when its the season, artichoke in quarters. Someone told you to add a bit of lemon juice over it before eating the paella, and I agree it makes the flavour more intense, but the acid of the lemon combined with the carbohydrates of the rice makes your digestion difficult. Only add lemon juice if its very oily, it would help your stomach.   I don't mean that you can't add green peas to your paella if you like it, but in Valencia, no one does, maybe in some villages near it. If you want to try a very tasty one use dried cod, tender garlic and cauliflower. It's really nice. Another tipe of paella is the one with meatballs and red pepper.

We didn't have a paella pan, so we made it in a Ninja cooker. For my first time making paella, I think it turned out pretty good.

I would put a little more salt on the recipe.

I made mine with chicken thighs as we do not eat rabbit and marinated my chicken in the morning. I really enjoyed it and so did my family. Will definitely make it again.

This is a very good recipe. I invested in  a paella pan just to make this. I used rabbit and bone-in chicken thighs . I used one 10 oz bag of frozen mixed vegetables for the green beans and peas. I definitely didn’t use enough salt, unfortunately. My sons and daughter in law and grandson loved it

Loved it!  I happened to read this recipe & decided to make it. I had to make some  changes since I didn't  plan for it. I used one can each of  drained black beans, stewed tomatoes, green beans, & peas. I dumped drained green beans & peas on top the last 10  minutes of cooking.  Also, I used 2 T minced garlic in water & Mexican  saffron  (safflower). For meat : skin-on chicken, venison sausage, &  Luling, TX smoked sausage.  I also used a Calphanon  1392-12 frying pan of which the nonstick coating has flaked off the bottom surface. It came out beautifully!  My husband says this recipe is a keeper!

Most of the ingredients are close.   I have family in Valencia and just returned from spending a few weeks.  Valencia paella is a rice centered dish meaning the rice and the preparation of the rice is the most important part of the recipe.   Short grained rice, like arborio, should be used.  In paella a wood fire is typically  used.  Higher heat in the start to cook the meat lower heat in the end to finish the rice.  This recipe gives you similar ingredients but not the technique to make Valencia paella.

???? Not sure about this recipe - where are all the shellfish like clams, mussels, etc. that appear in the picture and not in the ingredients list.  Good recipe, but incomplete.

Your picture looks like it has mussels in it.  When do they get added, I don't see them on your ingredient list

Your picture looks like it has mussels in it.  When do they get added, I don't see them on your ingredient list

