I spent a semester studying in Seville, Spain, and the woman I lived with made sopa de lentejas almost every week.  I wanted to try my hand at a lentil soup, and this recipe brought back tops of memories from my days in Spain!  A previous reviewer was correct in saying the soup needed a few more hours, so that the lentils would get tender and the flavors would mixed.  I transfered the soup to a crock pot, let it stew for a few hours, and it turned out great!

The flavor was really good (better leftover) but the cooking time is off.  I think this should be cooked for 3-4 hours because the lentils were really not done after 20minutes.  Plus then the flavors could really mix in

So quick and easy … I couldn’t get Polish sausage … so added beef sausage and a dash of mixed herbs and Vegemite

Loved it! Added carrots and lots of spices.

I  agree with many who said that the cooking instructions are backwards.  We should start cooking the lentils while chopping veggies, then add them together with the sausage and continue cooking.  This makes a very BIG recipe-- you will need a big pot!  I added carrots and 16 ounces of Italian spaghetti sauce.  Leftovers were really good reheated and spooned over cooked spaghetti squash.

This was really good and very hearty! We ate it as a meal. I used Johnsonville smoked turkey sausage and it added such great flavor. Will make again!

Really good, but after reading others’ comments, I decided to just go ahead and throw the lentils in at the beginning of the cook time. Super! But I left out the meat until the last 20 minutes ....and I added some carrots. And when I tried it when I was adding the salt and pepper... it seemed rather bland. So. After a lot of salt, I decided to add about a teaspoon of curry powder and probably 3/4 tsp of cumin. Just to add, you know. A little ‘something’. Served with rice, but I think that’s a poor choice. The rice takes away from the dish, unless you want to add more salt! Anyway, this is a pretty good dish and I would make it again... maybe add a dollop of plain yogurt or sour cream on top as a finish? Add some hot sauce? (Sorry, I’m eating the dish as I write!) yummy.

I'm confused about the previous review because anyone who has made lentils knows that it takes less than 30 minutes to reach tenderness.  They must have used some legume.  My go at this recipe was easy and I achieved the delicious results promised within the given cooking time.

This is in my regular rotation of soups.  Sometimes I add celery  or other root vegetables.   Everyone I have served this for loves it.

It was a good recipe but I felt like it needed a little bit more flavor.  I added cumin and a little turmeric.

I used veggie Kielbasa (since we are a family of vegetarians) and added some oregano, and it was tasty!  It was also very easy.  I didn't have to cook it for hours, probably because I didn't add the salt until close to the end of cooking time (salt can toughen beans and lentils).  I also want to try it without the veggie sausage for a good, comfort-food kind of stew.

