We loved this!  I have just enough left for my lunch and I expect that will be even better after a night in the fridge.  I can't eat green pepper so I used red, orange, and yellow then I decided it needed some green so I added fresh spinach for the last 5 minutes.  Thank you, Pete Zaria!

The recipe is probably a very good one, so let me suggest these specific things, based upon my failure to execute it:
Use small potatoes
Use Spanish-style chorizo - do not substitute Mexican
Do the whole garlic cloves as suggested
Use your biggest, heaviest cast iron pan for nice, even heat over a large area (for those taters)
I don't consider myself a super-talented cook, so my failure/low rating  shouldn't count against a recipe's worth.  With the liberties I took (fist-size potatoes, Mexican chorizo, pre-chopped garlic added with chickpeas) the result was so awful I think I might throw out the pot along with the erstwhile dinner.

Took a few shortcuts - like using a jar of fire roasted red peppers instead of making my own and using canned chick peas. Flavors were delicious and will definitely make this again!

We made this and thought it was great. We used canned beans and added a can of chicken broth, but thought a bay leaf would have given it a more complete depth of flavor. This is definitely a recipe we'll be making again!

Absolutely delicious. I made significant changes. Olive oil for canola oil, of course. Two cups of ready chopped mirepoix for the onion. (I'll stick with just onion next time.) I took everyone's advice and subbed in canned garbanzos and they were still too firm! So I added 1 cup of vegetable broth for the simmer, and if was great. I used smoked sausage because my chorizo has mysteriously disappeared! The whole reason for making this was to find a recipe for TJs vegan chorizo. That's the objective for next time. But for a non-vegan option, this was awesome.

Very good and easy! So flavorful. I didn't have sherry so used aji-mirin instead.

made it extra simple.... on a skillet with canned garbanzo beans and added fresh minced garlic to it...bomb

This. Was. Amazing. It looked as good as the photo, and tasted even better.  I more than doubled it, to match the chorizo I had, and I am looking forward to the leftovers. This will definitely be made again... I anticipate it will be a fall favorite....

The chickpeas were not as soft but couldn’t cook anymore because the potatoes were too soft. But the flavor is good!

This turned out really well. I didn’t have adobe so I added some paprika, cumin and garlic powder with a dash of salt plus the other ingredients and the seasoning was delicious. I also used chorizo and diced tomatoes.

