What makes the authentic Spanish Paella so flavorful is the use of powdered saffron. For this reason I eliminated the oregano and tumeric and used 1/16th teaspoon saffron. Its pricey, but you have to use only a wee bit to really enhance all the flavors of this wonderful dish. I also cut the broth to 3 cups and used 1/2c white wine, 1 pound shrimp not 2; 4 ounces of chorizo not 8 of italian sausage. Use peas instead of green peppers and you will have an authentic Paella. This is good...authentic is the best.Thanks Amy.

This is NOT paella.  This is Jambalaya, and not a great one at that.  Paella is made with saffron and not the other types od herbs listed, and it is traditionally made with whole chicken parts and seafood (most still in shells).  For a better version of this recipe try searching for Jambalaya, and for authentic Paella, look for a recipe with seafood and saffron.

, I added chicken sausages of various flavors it was delicious.

No changes needed... I thought It was yumm!!

This was a hit with my family! I did modify it for our wussy taste buds. I did not use any hot Italian sausage, or bell peppers. I also didn't have saffron or turmeric. Believe it or not, this recipe was still excellent! I can only imagine with the right spices now yummy it could be! I would mind if like to add green olives.....hmmmmmm.

Great recipe!  Paella turned out very well.  The taste was awesome. Different textures from the meats added to the meal.  Threw in some Squid to liven things up!

A bit salty to my taste. I will definitely make it again,only without salt

I used 7 heirloom tomatoes from my plants and a can of fire roasted tomatoes from Aldi's. I also pureed the tomato mixture. My son doesn't like the texture of a chunky sauce. The dish ended up more of a stoup than rice dish. But it still was delicious!

I added scallops because I really like them. It turned out super delicious!  And yes, I will make it again.  We were staying with friends and I made it for them and they really loved it.  Thank you for sharing this recipe.

This was delish. I added some imitation crab.

I used brown jasmine rice. That took longer to cook so I needed an additional 5 minutes at the end. My husband missed the clams but we all loved the flavor. I used hot Italian turkey sausage instead of chorizo, less fat and calories but then needed a bit of olive oil in the pan to cook the veggies. I would definitely make it again. Not your typical paella but delicious.

