This is a great healthy find! I went the easy route and used a can of diced tomatoes and it still tasted great. I also added a jalapeno pepper for kick, replaced the tarragon with cilantro, and omitted the parsley.

This was very tasty, but it had consistency of salsa.  Next time, I will not run everything through a processor.  A little chunky is how I prefer it.  It was yummy, though & I will make it again!

Easy peasy!I used pico de gallo ILO chopped tomatoes, white balsamic vinegar, and tripled the garlic. Minor changes...We LOVE it!

Very good!  Used 2 cups V8 and 1 cup clamato juice. Added 2 fresh jalapeños. Orange bell pepper instead of green. Added about 5 shakes of Cholulu sauce. Didn’t use blender. Used small food processor on individual ingredients so ingredients didn’t get too pulverized. Mixed all together in a bowl and chilled. Added English cucumber garnish on top. Made homemade Parmesan butter toast to go with gazpacho!

It was very bitter! What went wrong??

I made this in August 2021 to take for a refreshing drink/snack on a hot summer day. The changes that I made was to add one jalapeño pepper and the tomato juice was Spicy Hot V-8. It is December 29 at this time and just thinking about it make me want it! Thank you so much!

Delicious and easy. Wonderful recipe. I’ve made it many times.

Super easy and great way to use up veggies from the garden. Only change I made is I doubled up on the garlic. Super fresh and healthy! Great dinner for those too hot to cook dinner nights. Let it sit over night in the fridge. Delicious!

It turned out GREAT, but you need a two gallon blender or food processor because all the ingredients add up to a cubic yard of food!  I processed them in bunches, dumped them in a large bowl and used a hand blender to combine them.

Needs Cilantro. I didn’t use green pepper bc not a fan but that may hv helped spice it up. Otherwise pretty good served with crispy Parmesan toast

We loved it with buttery very toasted bread! I took the leftovers to work with pita chips and it was a hit! We omitted the bell pepper since we're really not fans and I don't measure spices. This recipe will definitely stay in rotation in our house!

