As a native Spaniard, (from Madrid), I give this recipe a 4 because is a pretty close one to be authentic. We do NOT use ham or cayenne. There is a misconception about Spanish food, we do not have that many spicy dishes at all, far from Mexican food, where they like it hot. A variation is to cut the bread in cubes instead of leaving it whole, and to stir in the egg beaten, like you do with Chinese egg drop soup.

It's flavorful. The eggs do not stay nicely in the liitle indentations. They all sunk to the bottom of the pan so I had to fish them out and ended up breaking two of them.

This is one of those special dishes where the flavors come together to create a totally unique flavor. No one ingredient sticks out; it is a delicious blend of all of them.  I made it as directed with the exception that my bread had been around for a few days before I got around to making this soup; but using stale bread was not a problem.  The only criticism I have is that I would use no- or low-sodium chicken broth, as the ham provides enough salt and you can always add it at the end.  Additionally, this is a make and eat soup.  I had some left over and the bread continues to absorb the broth creating a gelatinous goop.  Luckily this soup recipe comes together easily and quickly.

The flavor is amazing and very easy to make. However, this needs a lot more liquid or a lot less bread. The liquid was completely soaked up by the bread almost immediately and we ended up eating (delicious) soggy bread rather than soup.

Chef John recipes never ever fail. This was a lot easier than I expected it to be. The eggs don't really sit in the bread depressions, they more or less sink to the middle of the boiling soup pot. I didn't have a ladle but I just used another bowl to scoop them and serve, hence the bad plating job. About 2 minutes with the lid on while the soup is boiling leads to perfect poached egg consistency. If I could have changed anything I would have used a different type of ham. I used basic diced ham. Next time I would use leftover spiral/smoked ham or something a little more flavorful. I also chopped up cilantro into the parsley. Really good. Thanks, Chef.

This soup exceeded my expectations! Not too strong on the garlic but could definitely taste it. I made it my own. I didn't add ham or egg this time but added in chopped carrots and red pepper. I used croutons and it was great, no hot spices for me either but a bit extra salt. Will make again for sure!

The flavor was phenomenal and it’s such a simply yet impressive recipe. Didn’t use ham because I’m not a fan, and it was perfect even without it. The bread does get quite soft but you could always let it simmer for less time or bake it longer until its very dry and crispy. My only issue is that my eggs immediately sunk so I guess my soup wasn’t thick enough, but it was still delicious!

This soup is life changing. Please cook it.

I halved most of the recipe as there are only two of us but kept the same amount of garlic and spices as we prefer strong flavours.   Absolutely delicious! Will definitely be making this again.

Loved it. So rich and comforting. I left out the ham and roasted the garlic. I’d definitely make it again esp considering  how inexpensive it is. I made mine in my instant pot, cracked my eggs (double yolks!) right on top. Very reminiscent of shakshuka.

One note: how can you leave a less than stellar review of a recipe when you didn’t follow the recipe to the T? That’s the chance you take when you veer from the instructions.

will make again - nice meld of flavors - umami

