This was great!  It's something really different, for once.  I tried it exactly as written and everything worked fine, though I may play with the vanilla extract next time (maybe almond instead, just to see).  Also, I found it tastes even better after it's been chilled.

argh.

Absolutely terrible. Suggested baking time lead to an undercooked ( runny) inedible cake. Overly sweet and not flavorful.  0/10 would not recommend

Odd little cake...odd preparation, odd texture, odd taste...it sounded a lot tastier than it turned out to be. Glad I made to satisfy my curiosity, but I won’t make it again...it lacks...:something.::

Directions were hard to follow.

We really enjoyed this cake with some whipped cream on top. I read through the reviews and was sure I would mess this one up since I'm not much of a patient baker. I followed the entire recipe to a T and took the advice of another reviewer and remained patient and careful. The bottom layer does look disturbingly thin like it can't possibly hold the cream because there is a LOT of it. Don't be tempted to add more batter you won't need it. I drizzled the filling around the bottom layer and did the same with the remaining batter until the cream was almost covered (it is possible it won't look like it but it is) then gently used an off set spatula to smooth it and seal. Turned out perfectly golden brown with a nice layer of pastry cream in the middle. I was totally impressed as was the entire family even the Great Dane who finished the last 2 pieces off the counter!

It's my son's favorite recipe! We first made it for the Feast of St. Ignatius and I've made it several times since then! Easy but looks impressive! I used a piping bag for the batter and cream to ensure even distribution.

This was very sweet, it kinda tasted like Tapioca pudding, my family didn't care for it. We are Spanish Basque, my grandfather came from Ibarranguela so I thought I would try this.

This was a very simple and tasty recipe. Despite what some reviewers claim. Butter was not missed at all. You don't need butter. A simple recipe with simple ingredients and a classic flavor that's sure to please a crowd. Follow exactly and you'll be amazed.

Tips:
Be gentle and take your time. You must add the 1/2 cup milk to the egg mixture first (it will help keep your custard smooth)

Make the bottom layer of batter a little thinner than you think. This will make it easier to cover the top completely.

Don't slam the custard down into the bottom layer. Spoon it out carefully OR use a pastry bag.

When applying the top layer of batter, start from the edges and work to the middle. It will help make sure the edges are sealed. Gently drag the batter towards the middle, when/if you have to.

I didn't have a pastry bag when I prepared this, but I wish I did.

If you have a lot of experience baking, I could see the desire to modify the recipe. I, however, almost always try it "as is" first. This recipe really needs no modifications at all.

This was indeed truly something different.  I read previous reviews and decided to add a generous dose of Almond extract to the custard--without this I feel the flavor would have been bland.  I would also try lemon extract but my family prefers almond.
I'm not much of a baker and I was very proud of myself for the way it turned out.  Other than the almond extract, I followed this step by step and it turned out great! tastes wonderful with coffee.  

What I like most about this recipe is that it only needs a few basic ingredients, you can whip this up without having to go to the grocery store.

As another reviewer suggested, I added a block of butter.  i also reduced sthe sugar in both the pastry cream and cake, so it wouldn't be as sweet as others suggested the original recipe was.  I don't know what an authentic Basque cake should taste like, but my husband and guests like the resulting product.  It was unique and eye-appealing.  The cake had a crispy quality that was a nice contrast to the surprise of thr pastry cream.

