Wow, was this delicious! I made a few alterations - a friend who lived in Spain said you can substitue turmeric for the saffron without much taste difference and it worked great. I also had a bag of frozen paella seafood mix from Sam's Club - so I just guesstimated the amount needed. Use chicken breast chunks instead of thighs.  I also followed the suggestion to substitue a can of Rotel (used Habenero Rote) for part of the diced tomatoes and that added GREAT flavor. This makes more than enough for 6 people though - we have a ton of leftovers, although that's ok as I don't mind leftovers! Thanks for an awesome recipe!

Lots of great ingredients and I was excited to try. A little disappointed. The rice was not quite cooked and I had to overcook the seafood to accomlish this. Maybe it wasn't enough liquid. I would use a 28 oz can of crushed tomatoes instead of the 14 oz. The overall flavor was quite bland. Needed more spices....at a bare minimum some black pepper...and some red pepper or hot sauce if you like it spicy. I think I will also use some chicken broth to replace the 6 cups of water. Open to trying it again with these changes.

I used 28 oz tomatoes with juice, like someone suggested.  My rice still didn't get done.  Maybe if I hadn't drained off the oil, it would have helped, but who wants to eat that much oil?  I will not be fixing this again.

This is the first time I’ve ever made or had Paella. I changed a few ingredients. I didn’t use chicken, only used a ton of large shrimp and some scallops, traded the rice for jasmine rice, and instead of water used chicken stock. Topped it with a little creole seasoning and sriracha and WOW!  Might be one of the best things I’ve ever ate.

This is my go-to paella recipe from now on.  Flavors and textures were spot on!

We added artichokes and peppers and was very good

I WISH I took a picture! But the guest dug in so quickly, and demolished this. A fantastic recipe!

I never thought a first time made paella recipe would turn out so good! My bible study friends loved it and  I was so so happy with it. Just as a comment, I added sausage, diced pork ( little) and scallops. I used parsley flakes and paprika for color added to saffron. Rice came out perfect  a little softer than al dente. I used chicken breasts so I also added chicken bouillion for flavoring. 
Thanks for a great recipe in 4 steps!!!!

I've made this recipe at least ten times it's excellent and rivals any Paella dish I ate in Barcelona when I was there. I highly recommend it!

Add extra Rosemary, Thyme, Garlic powder, Sage. Very good!

I added muscles instead of calimari

