WOW muy delicioso!  My fiance and I really enjoyed these patatas bravas! I was drooling waiting for them to finish, that's how amazing the kitchen smelled ;)  Followed the recipe verbatim, it was quite simple.  I especially loved the dipping sauce (any excuse to use my mortar and pestle!!).  Thanks John for sharing your recipe!  Fierce!

This rating is just for the dipping sauce, as I used a different recipe for the potatoes. The sauce was pretty awful, and tasted mostly like mayonnaise. I much prefer the combination of homemade aioli and salsa brava for patatas braves.

I made this to pair with Chef John’s Grilled Spanish Mustard Beef recipe from this site. Wowza! Is this good!! Followed exactly except I didn’t have sherry vinegar (for the sauce) so I used 1/2 TBLS of sherry wine and 1/2 TBLS white wine vinegar.  I also didn’t bother mortar and pestle or food processor- just mixed together and let sit in the refrigerator until we needed it.  Great, great smoky flavor! And great pairing with the steak!  I would absolutely make this again. Super fun and tasty! Thanks Chef John!!

Chef John, I think the word you were looking for was Deliciosamente Bravas! 😋

Way too salty, I would recommend a tsp of salt rather than a tbsp.

My picky family loved it. Only complaint was I cut my potatoes too small. I knew I cut my first potato too small  but felt committed to that size for the rest of them. I liked the dipping sauce but no one else tried it after my teenager excitedly proclaimed that I made "French fry bites" and they went for the standard ketchup.

Perhaps my favorite recipe:)Life changing

Waaaay too salty. The dip was great but the dry mix of seasoning to toss in ruined them. After all the work involved to make these this was very disappointing. The tablespoon of salt should be half that. Maybe don’t toss in the bowl and sprinkle on instead so you can control the amount. My husband could barely eat them and he over-salts everything.

Just made these potatoes for Fathers Day dinner! Seriously the best potatoes I’ve ever tasted! Crunchy on the outside, creamy on the inside! The garlic aioli is spectacular! Even my “no condiment” daughter ate them like they were trying to get away from her! Sadly, no leftovers for tomorrow! Thank you for another one, Chef John!

Wow! So yummy! I made this on “Try a New Recipe Saturday.” (My own personal holiday.) I followed the recipe exactly. Took quite awhile, but the results were worth it. Feared it would be too spicy, but it worked out fine. I almost prefer the potatoes without the dipping sauce, only because if I do start dipping, I can’t stop. Will definitely make these again.

Delicious! My picky-eater husband, who claims he does not like mayonnaise, asked for more of the dipping sauce to go with chicken I served with it! I can think of lots of uses for this - made with homemade mayonnaise - made with cooked egg yolks.

