Oh my goodness!  This has got to be one of the best recipes out there, by far!  It's a wonderful change for this dish and is incredibly easy to follow.  The only modifications I made were: Since I'm not a huge fan of bell peppers (unless roasted) so I added just a smidgen of roasted bells peppers and added lots of mushrooms--and instead of adding the carrots, salt and paprika toward the end I added them along with the wine and broth section.  Also, chicken broth works just fine if you don't (or want to use) have beef broth.  DON'T LET THE CHOCOLATE SCARE YOU!  I made it for my husband as a Father's Day dinner surprise (he loves my traditional southern oxtail recipe), but I wanted to switch things up a bit and celebrate his Puerto Rican heritage.  This did the trick!  It's a fantabulous recipe that will enliven your taste buds.  Kudos jetman!

Expected a ton of flavor but not so much. Was attempting to expand my oxtail recipe but let me down.   Very tender but lacking in flavor compared to my go to Chinese braised oxtails.

Expected a ton of flavor but not so much. Was attempting to expand my oxtail recipe but let me down.   Very tender but lacking in flavor compared to my go to Chinese braised oxtails.

Okay . . . I really, REALLY wanted love it!  I followed the recipe exactly.  The flavor is pretty good, but I really felt like it needed a lot of salt.  (Obviously that's easy to add).  But the biggest problem for me is how greasy it is.  The fat on the oxtail became a thick oily layer on top of the stew and I really had a hard time with that.  Maybe if I refrigerate it and scrape of the solidified fat it will be better?  Disappointed.

Excellent taste and ease of cooking. My first time at oxtail and now the wife wants it again.

Excellent as written; I've made this before but this time I used Junmai Saki (on the dry side) and added a can of Italian stewed tomatoes.  Talk about fusion food!  Turned out great.

Unique taste with the chocolate but probably won't make it again.

This was my first time ever making oxtails. I did manage to skip the "browning" part. It turned out great!!!

This is a very good recipe! The chocolate added a subtle richness. I didn't have green pepper, so I used mushrooms instead. Will definitely make again!

This savory stew is out of this world! Thank you for sharing. It's rich in flavor; we love it with white rice.  A crowd favorite and a mainstay in our family. Marinated the oxtail with liquid smoke and we love the smoky flavor it infused into the meat. Replaced peppers with potatoes cause I didn't have any at the time. Took Shawna8573's advice and slow cooked it in the oven at 325 for 3 hours and left it in the oven while the residual heat continues to cook it (made this overnight). Reheated it for dinner and now the whole family is raving about it. Thanks again.

This was awful. I served boxed Mac and cheese to the kids while my husband did his duty. A disappointing waste of expensive meat. I did everything exactly per the directions. Move along and find another recipe for your oxtails.... Any other one.

