Made this for a family bbq and other than the cold lemonade the kids drank, this one was THE choice for all the adults. Everyone loved it!I especially liked that it was so simple to make and tasted great. I also like that it didn't have any brandy in it like a more traditional Sangria since I am not a big fan of brandy. I used lots of cut-up oranges and peaches and raspberries and a few sliced apples too. Will be making again for future large group gatherings.

It is alright as a spritzer

I didn’t care much for the sugar in this even after cutting the amount back a bit (that’s personal preference).  Just too sweet for my taste.  The fruit I used was orange, lime, strawberries, and raspberries, and I added more than the recipe called for.  I could see using part orange or lemon juice for the tap water bumping up the fruity flavor a little.  Also I used lime sparkling water (what was on hand), and that was a nice addition for sangria.  It was pretty good, not sure I’d make again, but it was a hot summer day, and we did enjoy it.

I used two bottles of wine. It was delicious!

I served this at a bridal shower and everyone enjoyed it.  I left out the sugar entirely and instead poured in half a bottle of none-alcoholic margarita mix and some lemon infused sparkling water.  I froze some grapes and added those - had to keep topping it up so what we ended up with at the end was anyone's guess but the original was delicious and so refreshing!

As the recipe is written, not enough fruit for 5 bottles of wine. And 6 fl. oz. of sparkling water in FIVE bottles of wine, Why bother? The proportions are way off. Find a better recipe.

It is alright as a spritzer

Ziyafet, you can use red grape juice in place of the red wine...haven't made this myself but it sounds amazing and I'm excited to try it! Thank you for sharing!

Heaven in a glass on a hot day! HUGE hit at our barbecue! FANTASTIC RECIPE!!!! I put a luscious frozen, ripe strawberry in each glass as I serve it

I didn't think i liked sangria till i made this! OMG! I use more fruit then suggested of course

Made this for a family bbq and other than the cold lemonade the kids drank, this one was THE choice for all the adults. Everyone loved it!I especially liked that it was so simple to make and tasted great. I also like that it didn't have any brandy in it like a more traditional Sangria since I am not a big fan of brandy. I used lots of cut-up oranges and peaches and raspberries and a few sliced apples too. Will be making again for future large group gatherings.

