I live in Spain and this recipe, although delicious, differs from the classic tortilla española in the fact that the classic one, the one you get in bars and restaurants does not have the serrano ham and the peppers. I have worked in many kitchens on the Mediterranean side of Spain, and learned there how to make a mean tortilla.  There are two ways: with or without onions, and many restaurants offer both.  You can cook the potatoes and onions together, in a deep pan, adding a little more oil and draining it when it's done. You know the potatoes are done when they are soft enough to be broken by the weight of the spatula. The tortilla will come out moist and tender if the potatoes are just a bit mushy, but don't mash them.

My mixture required much more egg (80% more) to be as eggy as I remember it from Spain. I found most of the cooking directions under-heated on my standard GE electric stove. Use a non-stick pan for the flipping. I subbed bacon for the serrano.

Loved it but I did not use the ham or peppers in it, I also used the oven set on low broil to finish cooking the egg mixture...no need to flip and the eggs came up a little bit fluffy but settled down when it cooled.

Very easy to make! I helped my son and his friend prepare for their Spanish class.

Not the best recipe. Flavor-wise it was good, but the tortilla did not set well enough not turn over. I think the user who said he cooked one side in the stove top then continued in the oven may have the best idea here. I’ve made tortilla Española before and this recipe was the only one I’ve had issues with. Sorry All Recipes, I’m usually a huge fan.

I made it with chorizo and manchego cheese.

This was particularly good with the potatoes, onions, and sausage leftover from a crawfish boil.

We made this for my son's Spanish class. It turned out awesome and was huge. Made it in a large pan and flipped it using a plate. My son took it to school on a pizza pan. Came home with leftovers and the kids ate it for the next two days. We will make this again for the next family gathering.

I make my own tortilla.
4 medium potatoes.
3 onions.
9 eggs.
I cut the pieces of potatoes and onions really small.
Then fry them slowly in wok for 40mn.

I felt like it either had too much potato, or not enough egg. Also, when it was cooled to room temperature, I found it to still be a little cold, and I also found it tasted better. The cook times are off as well, and the the heat was really high and burned the sides of the omelette, while not cooking the inside.

You definitely won't need two onions, I only used one. Plus, I didn't cut the onions into rings. Also, I put a little more ham and eggs. It also didn't take near as long to make as it said it would. Other than that, I loved it!!!!!!

