Tortilla Espanola, as this is called in Spain, is definitely part of the Spanish way of life.  They eat very light dinners over there and when I lived there we would have this at least twice a week (served with crusty bread and a simple lettuce salad dressed with vinegar and olive oil).  While I was in Seville, I was taught by a Spaniard I met there how to make this and this is pretty much what he taught me.  The only thing I really do differently is to stir the potatoes often while cooking so that they don't get browned.  You really want them to be very soft and tender, not crispy.  It's also worth noting that in some regions of Spain they do not use onions (I lived for a while in Salamanca, which is about 3 hours west of Madrid, and they never used onions there).  It's good either way but I find that when made with onions it is a little more moist.  I currently make it without because my boyfriend is allergic to onions.  Every time I saw this served in a home, it was simply made with just potatoes, eggs, and maybe onions.  I never saw anybody garnish it with tomatoes and green onion (or anything, really), although in restaurants they would often mix in other vegetables or ham so you can really add whatever you like.  Another tip I use is to determine when the eggs are fully cooked, insert a butter knife into the center of the tortilla.  If it comes out clean, it is done.

I would suggest that you sautee the onions first until brown and then add the potatoes. This way the oil gets all the flavor from the onions which then transfers to the potatoes.   As far as garnish, we really (I am from Spain) don't garnish it with anything but hey it doesn't hurt either. We eat it with bread which is very similar to french baguette. This is the typical "Pincho de tortilla" that you can get at every bar.  The only thing I was surprised with was the picture, because it looks scrambled and it is suppose to look like a pie (more or less). It is not that hard to turn it. Make sure you put enough oil in the non-stick pan, put a plate bigger that the pan on top of the pan and if you are afraid it may slip put a piece of paper towel on two sides of the pan (in between the pan and the dish) and then flip it with a quick move. That's a trick my mom showed me when I first started cooking.

Great for Saturday morning.

Good meal. I added cherry tomatoes ,red onions  Parmesan , fresh parsley.

Phenomenal! It's officially in the rotation. I didn't use the tomatoes or green onions but kept everything else. I added a bit of milk to the eggs too. I read the reviews and had a simple green leafy salad with sliced red onions accompany it (red wine vinegar/ olive oil). All I was missing was the crusty french bread!*recipe as-is only fed husby and me. He is a big guy though but I am petite ,so double up if you need more.

Well first mistake, too many potatoes; second, using my cast iron pan...it all stuck to the bottom. I put it under the broiler, stuck to the bottom. Tastes ok, I added smoked paprika and some red pepper.

I saw this made on Come Dine with Me, the lady was cooking Basque inspired cuisine. Lol...mine isn't quite Basque like at all, but given that I don't eat omelettes, I can eat this any day.

I’ve made this recipe both by frying the onions first then adding the potatoes and by frying the potatoes first and adding the onions. Both methods worked well. I had this as a child but forgot about it. Now it will be in regular rotation with my other favourites. I’ve also had leftovers cold and this was also really good. I skipped the tomato and green onion garnish and served it with a simple lettuce and tomato salad. A perfect light meal! Thank you for this recipe and reminder of my mother’s wonderful kitchen.

Really enjoyed this dish. After reading reviews made the following changes:  I fried chopped up bacon then added some olive oil, and then added onion, and later 3 minute microwaved potato.  Later added egg. Once bottom set put in 350 F oven with 4 thin slices of cheddar on top for 15 minutes. Served as is.

This came out great.  The only thing I will change next time is I will put the onions in at the same time as the egg.  If put I  with the potatoes, the flavors blend into a tasteless, but beautiful, breakfast dish.

Love this recipe for an authentic Spanish Tortilla.  I double the eggs to 8 or 9 to fill my cast iron skillet.  Adding red pepper or jalapeno wouldn't be authentic, but would be delicious.

