This is a beautiful dish, and I enjoyed the paprika even more than I thought I would.  The recipe doesn't specify, but I used what I thought was an appropriate, fragant smoked Spanish paprika which was really, really good. I used the amount called for even tho' I thought it might be too much for me, but it was just a lovely, delicate smoky flavor that also lent color to the dish. Same with the chili pepper flakes - I thought I'd be sorry using the amount called for and nearly chickened out. Glad I didn't - that, too, was just right.  I prepared this with one alteration, which was simply to wait until the shrimp was nearly cooked to add the garlic, since garlic and high heat don't mix and burnt garlic is just plain nasty.  In deference to the title I chose dry sherry rather than lemon, and because I welcomed the opportunity to do something other than lemon for a change.  I served this alongside a tossed green salad which made for a lovely, fresh, light but deliciously satisfying meal.

We really wish we hadn't wasted shrimp and scallops in this recipe :(  We enjoy spicy, but the heat of the red pepper flakes was all you could sense, and that's with using a scant teaspoon!  Unfortunately, we couldn't taste the garlic, the dry sherry, the seafood, or anything else.

I didn't have parsley.  was lacking.  Added parmesan cheese which made it outstanding.

Great seasoning for the shrimp! Spicy taste which is my favorite!! Definitely will use this again and again .

cooked this recipe exactly according to directions, loved it but it was a shade too hot for us. will adjust the heat next time. great quick easy meal

This was absolutely amazing. I am a huge shrimp scampi lover and the crushed red pepper was a first for me in a shrimp scampi type dish and it was delicious. I used the sherry instead of lemon and extra garlic. I added in broccoli and cauliflower towards the end. I will definitely be making this again.

Lemon juice and Sherry cooking wine!!

My husband loved this (I found it to be a little spicy, but good). Easy to make - served over steamed rice with a side of sauteed spinach.

Very simple and delicious to make for a main meal. Instead of sherry, I've used marsala cooking wine.  It tasted great and scrumptious. I've used leftover rice from when I made with leftover Swedish meatballs this week. I would love to make it again.

Very tasty! Used just a tad less red pepper than the recipe calls for so it had a kick but wasn’t too spicy. Also waited to add the garlic until I added the shrimp as others suggested so the garlic wouldn’t burn or caramelize too much and lose its flavor. I also used lemon juice instead of sherry and it added a very nice, light flavor. Paired with jasmine rice & a fresh garden salad = the perfect summer dinner!

Awesomely easy and delicious

