I let the fruit soak in the rum and an added 1/2 cup of Triple Sec.  I made this with a Merlot (Little Penguin) and with a Blackberry Merlot.  It was a lot sneakier when it was made with the Blackberry Merlot, i.e. we got drunk, but it hit us from out of no where.  When it was made with the Little Penguin Merlot, it was a little too alcoholic.  I solved this by having friends who are alcoholics and don't mind.

watch out... this is strong stuff! maybe try less rum...

I followed the recipe exactly as listed... but I did use dark rum instead of clear because dark is what I drink and what I had.It came out great, but as others have indicated, it is rather potent. So pace yourself. I used inexpensive red wine (Bigfoot I think) and I combined merlot and cab.

I made this with Coyote Moons, NY Twisted Sister and cut the sugar in half and it was amazing!

Love it. This packs quite a punch!

I made this as written 2 different times with 2 different red wines as written and one without sugar and it was disgusting. Would never recommend this recipe.

Amazing! I did tweak it to my liking tho. Who knew that this amount of rum would’ve worked so well? Anyways I’ve come to the realization that it does not matter what kind of wine you use!! Sweet, dry, red or white! Use whatever but just adjust the sugar content to your liking. I also added Cointreau, grenadine & 7up! Great!

Exactly what I was hoping for on a humid afternoon. I did change it up just a tad, I was concerned about it being overly boozy because of other reviewers. I added a can of sparkling water just to try to thin it a touch. Seemed to help. Also added a little less sugar just because I ran out. This is fab and sweet and refreshing.

Best Sangria I ever had

Best sangria ever!  It is the most requested recipe in my arsenal

YesYesYes!!! I was so nervous about making a good sangria for the 1st time during  our Covid lockdown Easter and it was AWESOME!!  Not a large gathering for Easter, but my husband, and my 2 adult kids that are here and I were thrilled how delicious this turned out. 
• Used the Kraken Spiced Rum • made a 1/4C simple syrup bc some comments said sugar was a little hard to dissolve • Added all kinds of fruit, including frozen mixed fruit to soak over night • Next morning added fresh fruit • Topped each glass with a splash of ginger ale
We tasted it right when I made it and ?? whew! A kick!! But by the next day this drink tasted like the BEST sangria, and I knew immediately I should have made more lol!! Will be remaking this recipe real soon!!

