Your recipe is great! There are many different things that can be included or omitted in paella and the recipe changes from one region to the next.  I use 3 times the amt of saffron and omit the curry.  Good job on your recipe. Thanks!

O added truffles at the end of cooking,  chicken, and chorizo(crumbled), added peas at the end of cooking also.  Best dish I've ever made.

This is a great recipe. This was my first attempt. My kids raved over it.

Literally the worst thing I have ever eaten. Followed recipe to a T but it ended up tasting like my mother's gumba garlic gulag soup (which does not taste good at all, rest her pathetic soul). I honestly am quite disgusted with this recipe. I would much rather fry some bologna and pair it with a glass of expired, over diluted kool aid than try this terrible recipe again.

I made it and is delicious,i thanks for the recipe, I added spanish hot chorizo and is really good.

I'll definitely make it again. I had no lobster, but I had a package of Dungeness crab legs, I added chorizo, since many recipes call for it, but used Mexican chorizo instead of Spanish chorizo. I think I may just use some sliced up link sausage next time (maybe some Andouille sausage!) Maybe saute the seasoning mix in the olive oil before adding anything to help infuse the food better. I had to settle for pre steamed frozen clams (oh the ignominy of living in the desert!) And frozen precooked shrimp, but it still came out good! It was my first attempt at Paella, and the R ce was not QUITE Al dente, but almost. This is a very good beginners recipe, I think, while still being REAL Paella!

I really liked this recipe. Like other users, I also would suggest to add more saffron or curry to make it nicely yellow. I must say that I had to adjust the cooking time as my big burner over the stove is not as big to warm up a larger surface of the paella pan. I had to rotate it several times to be able to cook the rice evenly. I also used live mussels but boiled them first before adding them to the rice after the rice started to boil. I also had to cover it with aluminum foil to compensate and even out the heat distribution....the rice came out delicious!

Fantastic recipe! I used a little less broth and brown rice instead... Worked out great! Would recommend!

GREAT AND YUMMY RECIPE! if you like original paella in www.paellafromvalencia.com you have others original paella recipes and much more, enjoy it!

I bought a paella pan in Spain and was a little skeptical about how well homemade paella would turn out.  I was amazed at how fast and easy this was.  For the protein, I used shrimp, tilapia chunks and canned clams.  Other than the rice to liquid ratio, I just eyeballed measurements.  The dish can easily be adapted based on what you have on hand and what you like.  I didn't have saffron so just used a bit of turmeric for color.  I don't give many 5 star recipes but this one totally earned it.

