Wow! This was terrific. I used a bag of fresh spinach and cooked the onion and garlic first, then added the garbanzo beans and cooked them with, mashing them a bit, then added the fresh spinach and wilted it with salt and cumin. I served it with baked lemon salmon and it was divine!! Thanks for the recipe.

Spinach, garbanzo beans, garlic, olive oil - all flavors I grew up up with and love. Cumin is relatively new to me, but I love it too. I thought I'd have a winner here with this recipe, but I've learned that just because you love a variety of flavors doesn't mean they all belong together.  For me, this was just perfect and excellent until the addition of the cumin, which just didn't seem to work well with the spinach.  I found the cumin and spinach an "off" combination.  I used fresh baby spinach so I didn't have any problem with the dryness other reviewers noted, but I can easily see where this would be an issue with frozen spinach.  Oh, I know I'll make this again, because dishes like this are so familiar and just the way I grew up learning to eat and to cook - but I'll reserve the cumin for another time, in a different dish.

I used fresh spinach and no cumin,… I used Za’atar seasoning instead. It is a simple dish with a ton of flavor! Personally, I think za’atar seasoning made all the difference in the world!

Unexpectedly great recipe! Frozen Spinach, large can garbanzos, diced onion, 2 rounded teaspoons of garlic bits, then cooked in some pork bone broth leftovers. It didn't last to be leftovers for the next day! Fast & so yummy! Glad I found this!

Simple list of ingredients, easy to throw together.Didn't have time to defrost the spinach, so we'll see.To be honest (TBH), I eyeballed the quantities based on 290 g chickpeas and frozen blocks of spinach: Used 1 whole onion and about 6 cloves of garlic.I could see it with an Indian spice blend, instead of straight cumin.  I'd consider using nutritional yeast or pareve (non meat) chicken soup powder instead of the cumin.

Easy and delicious!  Used  bagged baby spinach and already chopped onion and already minced garlic that I had in the fridge. Took no time at all and tasted excellent!

I used fresh spinach.  It was delicious.

We've made this twice and enjoyed it both times. It's now a regular part of our meal planning. The first time we followed the recipe exactly bit did not mash the garbanzos. The second  time we tried a suggestion and added paprika. This is a tasty and hearty dish as well as low-carb and diabetic-friendly !In an effort to reduce sodium, we use low-sodium garbanzos (Kuner's No Salt Added Garbanzos, if that helps). We're not nutritionists, though :-)

Delicious,       Surprised  by how filling it is!      Would make it often!

Delish! Simple prep and wonderful flavor. I used fresh baby spinach but other than that I didn’t deviate from the recipe. Highly recommend!

This is one of my favourite quick and easy recipes. It can be eaten as a meal or a side dish...even tastes great cold. I always add a handful or two of raisins. It kicks it up a notch!

