quite authentic and good. italian boyfriend who has eaten paella many times said it tastes like those he had in spain.  portions of ingredients are perfect. used safforn threads instead. read another recipe on the net from someone in spain, added tomato paste, thyme and 2 bay leaves. very good flavor but my mussels and shrimps didn't cook coz they were stright out from the fridge. next time might add mussels and shrimps together with the peas n tomatoes to make sure they cook. Important: shellfish MUST be FRESH! don't add too much water, else the rice will be mushy and use aborio rice. they have a firmer bite.

I wouldn't ever use arborio rice for this recipe again, it's too creamy and once it's done the consistency isn't right - paella isn't supposed to be like a risotto.

First attempt at paella.  Turned out quite yummy!!  Tweaked it a little.  Used scallops instead of calamari (couldn't find any) and carrots (with the onion and pepper) instead of peas later.  Added a chopped jalapeño.   It all worked!!

This seems more like a risotto than a paella to me, but it was very nice.

Agreed with the switch to Goya's parboiled rice. Used 3 cups of rice - 6 cups of chicken stock with 2 packets of Sazon Goya disolved in the liquid.  Used skinless chicken thighs- shrimp, scallop and clams.  Used 2 cans of diced tomatoes (drained).  Great recipe.  Good portion size with 6 adults. - couldn't find safron so added tumeric.

I added a little more chorizo and an extra pinch of saffron. This has become one of our favorites.

This was great. I used Yellow Spanish rice and made it for 10 hungry Firemen. So the logistics changed a little bit basically cooked all the peppers, onions and meet. Added all the rest of the ingredients and cooked until the rice was done. Then added the seafood for the last 5 min. This was an outstanding meal.

I substituted sea scallops for the squid, just cut up about 5. Recipe was quite tasty and well received by husband and 5 year old. Also used a dash of drugs thyme as I didn’t have any fresh.

rice was a little mushy. I probably used too much broth

After ready all he reviews, I only used 2 cups of broth until the end.  Once I made sure rice was not gummy, I added 1/2c broth.  Added shrimp at tomatoes/peas stage.  Omitted squid and doubled the shrimp.  Used full 1/4t of saffron and 1/4t of red pepper flakes. I omitted the peas, but they would have added color.  Served at a Catalonian themed dinner and it was a big hit!!  Fairly easy to make.  Will make it again.

So good and so pretty. Love that it’s all in one pan.

