We loved this! my husband said "best fish ever". I did change 2 things-I used red pepper instead of jalapeño and 1T each of sherry and white wine vinegar instead of sherry vinegar. I think next time I'll use a bit more liquid so there's more sauce for the potatoes! It was great!

We used striped bass filets and it was wonderful! Added a side of dill sauce. Will make this again!

I added cabbage, too much orange. My wife loved it, I thought it was okay.

Definitely double up on the sauce so you have enough for potatoes and the fish!  I used both green jalapeño with seeds and red pepper and it was so flavorful and not that spicy. Would recommend roasting the potatoes instead of microwave since some of the potatoes were not all the way done at the end.  I would also recommend these individual dishes so that the sauce can be used for dipping while eating. Great presentation, flavor and easy recipe!!!

This was WONDERFUL! Instead of making it in 2 individual ramekins I used one bigger one. I actually think 6 oz of fish would suffice for 2 people. I used 6 small waxy potatoes. Store didn’t have red jalapeños so I used a green one. I also removed the seeds but next time I would leave a few in. Definitely company worthy!!I suppose if you don’t want to splurge on sea bass you could use cod and save a little money.  I served it with honey roasted Brussels sprouts from Bon Apetit magazine (if you haven’t tried them you need to!)

Great recipe. Very simple and extremely tasteful.

I was looking for a different way to make Sea Bass. This was excellent . I didn't have Sherry Vinegar do substituted Rice Vinegar . It was outstanding . The Paprika  gave it such a deep Smokey flavor . It was so different and great .

My fiance and I decided to cook this together for New Years Eve. The recipe was very easy for us to follow. We would probably add more seasoning the next time to give it a little bit more flavor.

Love this recipe.  It's my goto for company.  If I'm out of sherry vinegar, I substitute Nakano rice wine vinegar (mild&mellow) and it does the job.  I double up on the sauce and add more potatoes and slice them up and  pan fry them for breakfast the next day.    Sooooo delicious and flavorful.PS  Watch the time as 15 mins can be way too long depending on the thickness of your sea bass.  I almost overcooked this the first time I made it, so be sure to check for doneness.

The very best Sea Bass ever.  Better than any other.  Thanks.

