This is quite tasty. I did add garlic and a little diced pancetta that needed to be used up. I also didn't remove my cooked potatoes and onions to another dish to mix with the eggs; instead I poured the egg mixture right into the skillet, then lifted and tilted to get the egg smoothed around evenly. I just didn't see the point in dirtying up another bowl :) The instructions are partly missing a step: Once the eggs are in the skillet, you must cook it til the eggs are soft-set on the stovetop before finishing it off in the oven. Or just plan to bake it longer in the oven :) Thank you for the recipe, I think that with a heavy dose of garlic this would be 5-star!

This is a good, hearty breakfast.

I loved the recipe. Super easy to make and it tasted wonderful! I would totally make this for a family get together just double or triple the ingredients.

Easy and delicious!

I've never been to Spain, so I don't know how these should taste.  We liked it, but it seemed to have a lot of potato and a small amount of egg.  It's sort of like a potato casserole with egg to hold it's shape.  Is that the way it's supposed to be?  Also, it is a bit bland, I even tripled the smoked paprika because I knew 1/4 t. would never be enough.  This first time making it I wanted it to be authentic so I didn't change much, only the addition of some minced garlic.  The next time I make it, I will add much more spices and possibly some meat.  Maybe it won't be authentic, but I know we will like it much better.

Simple and easy! Easy to modify by adding whatever other ingredients you like with your eggs!

Made as is, liked the scalloping of the potatoes

It’s very tasty.

Heavenly! I added cheddar cheese on top and wow ! My kids love it .. we love it .. will try again

The paprika makes this!! Even better than what I had on Spain. Five stars easy! Delicious with some ketchup as well or pickled onions. The onions almost carmelize. So so so so good!!

Was really happy with how this turned out. Having a seasoned cast iron skillet helped. I couldn’t resist adding the Tex-Mex flare of shredded cheese on top.

