I LOVE this recipe and make it more often than I should admit.  We even served it at our wedding.  I have yet to meet someone who didn't rave about it.  I do make a few very minor changes:  I use raspberries instead of grapes (just for personal preference), thawed frozen peaches instead of fresh white ones, and I warm up one of the ingredients in the microwave (usually the lemonade concentrate) to dissolve the sugar into it before adding it to the mix.  Note:  This is VERY good, VERY easy to drink, and VERY intoxicating!  Unless you want everyone at your party drunk after a drink or two, I suggest serving it with 7up or sparkling water (1:1 ratio).  It makes the drink a touch bubbly, takes nothing from the taste, and helps it go down a little slower. ;-)

Wow!  I love sangria but this is WAY too much alcohol!  I kept reviewing the recipe to see if I missed some type of soda or something to dilute!  If you want your guests to get hammered, this is the recipe for you!

When I make this,  i use 2 bottles of white wine, add the peach vodka, as stated and also a one litre container of peach nectar (Goya makes a good one). No added sugar necessary.  I also add about one cup of Peach Schnapps, to increase the peachiness. I use frozen peach slices and whole frozen strawberries, for color, and to keep it cold with out diluting.  I like the idea of the grapes, too. I'll freeze those before adding!

Instead of Vodka, consider substituting Crown Peach for better taste.Crown peach has less alcohol than Vodka (i am not a vodka fan).If you like sweet also consider adding some peach juice instead of sugar or use both but fine tune proportions to taste.Additional options, add honeydew cut with a melon baller & halved white grapes.Serve in a large glass with ice and top off with chilled tonic water or sprite. The fizzy water gives it a nice additional kick.

Yum! I had some peach moonshine to use and found this recipe! Just added the moonshine with the wine, (dry and cheapest) lemonade and sugar and it was delicious! We did add ginger ale as I know my family and I wouldn’t want everyone having to stay the night! Lol….

Love this recipe.  All my friends love it too.  Even took a big canister to serve at a tailgate.  Big hit.

Delicious!  I used dry riesling and peach schnapps instead of the vodka.  I did not have limeade concentrate so I squeezed 1 fresh lime and added 1/4 cup of Gran Gala liqueur.  Also used agave nectar instead of sugar.  Too strong for me as-is so added 1/3 ginger ale to glass.

I made a patch asked my partner if I should make more.  Thank h my family doesn’t drink he says.  Guess what his family was unhappy that I didn’t make enough!  Everyone loved it!  Only thing I used pink lemonade and peach schannes and just touch of sugar,frozen peaches,strawberries and fresh blueberries.  Excellent!

Omg! I doubled the recipe, used pinot griigio and cut the sugar in half. I agree with others to cut it with sprite or something carbonated - I used Diet 7 Up. I mean, I've gotta work tomorrow!! I didn't think ahead enough to let it sit for more than two hours but it's still amazing!! Everyone I've made this for loves it!!

Add either ginger ale for sweetness or club soda to dilute a bit.

This brings the house down every time I make it. Killer sangria recipe!

