Loved it!

Made it according to the recipe. Instead of patatoes I added asparagus. Very tasty. Great apetizer

I had a 2.6 lb octopus so I modified things. I’ve never cooked octopus before and I was too lazy to look up how to cut it so I just snipped the tentacles off where I thought was right. Then, I doubled all the braising ingredients and added Greek seasoning in addition to the smoked paprika and did 1/2 tsp less of salt than what doubled would have called for as my Greek seasoning was salted. I only marinated for 1 hr and 40 minutes because my child was yelling “eat!” I then took the leftover onions from the braising liquid and threw them in my vitamix with 1 TBS of brown sugar, Dijon and honey mustard, 3 tbs of white wine vinegar and 1/2 cup olive oil. Served octopus over Greek and smoked sea salt 1 inch roasted yellow potatoes  @450 for 22 minutes. Served the dressing over spinach with shaved aged Gouda. My toddler approved this meal and ate most the octopus and 3 servings of spinach!

Easy peasy (and I did overnight it in the fridge)  with the bonus of this patience being it's one excellent plating of food.   The braising liquid is delicious once lemon juice, EVO & a pinch of cayenne is added.   I did serve with roasted potatoes, with the grilling of the octopus adding a wonderful smoky flavor to the dish. 

On my short list of those things to impress close friends or family with

Other than being incredibly salty the recipe is good method for cooking tender octopus.  The best octopus I ever had was at the JW Marriott in San Jose del Cabo.  I have been searching for a recipe similar to it but this one was not it.

Absolutely amazing. Only thing I changed was I boiled the octopus for an hour before braising. Left it overnight, seared in the cast iron skillet, and it was tender enough to cut with a fork. Thanks Chef John for this great recipe!

Simple and delicious recipe! I condensed the time frame to 3 hrs instead of waiting until the next day. It was so tender and flavorful. Thank you for sharing this!

Pretty good.  I'll add more salt and get a larger octopus next time. 2.2 lb was too small.

Better than the one my mother use to make, I wish they were alive this would have given them extra 10 years

Definatley an amazing recipe, as for changes I added a bit more white wine total of 1 1/2 cup. Other than that it's one of the best octopus dishes I've done.

