I have tried this twice now. First time I followed the recipe exactly and found it to be a little bland for my taste. Second time instead of using vegetable juice I used pure tomato juice. Also instead of tomato sauce I used paste. I also added a clove of fresh garlic and a dash of cilantro. I then topped it with mild cheddar cheese and put it in the oven just to melt the cheese. This resulted in a much better finished product and more smiling faces at the dinner table.

Even after leaving out the tomato sauce completely, this was too tomato-y for us.  The sweet, tomato flavor totally predominated this as a side dish.

Gotta admit, I didn't think this would work (sugar? lemon?). Followed it to the letter, and it was AWESOME! I did add some cayenne and chili powder at the end, for some heat, but this was super tasty. 10/10 will make again.

my family raves about this rice, Im not much for rice in any way but my family says its the best Spanish rice, better than restaurants we eat at.

It was definitely more intricate of a recipe, than my grandma used to make. It really didn’t have enough flavor though. My husband did like it though.

Great recipe. I didn’t have bell pepper to add but it still turned out perfect and tasted great!

I followed the instructions without the v8 juice and I thought it was fantastic.  I also used brown rice instead,  but it was still the instant variety so I didn't have to adjust cook times. Loved it!

We made a meal of this browning boneless, skinless chicken breasts first, remove, cover and setting aside in a warm oven, then proceeding with recipe. I did leave the tomato sauce out and thought it was plenty "tomato-y". Used brown rice which has a 50 minute cook time, so after 30 minutes I nestled the breasts back in the rice, covered again quickly, and cooked an additional 20 minutes, I also added a cup of defrosted peas when adding the chicken back. Left out the sugar and gave gave a generous squeeze of lemon over all when finished. I would definitely make this again! Look forward to the leftovers for lunch! Thank you!

I have tried this twice now. First time I followed the recipe exactly and found it to be a little bland for my taste. Second time instead of using vegetable juice I used pure tomato juice. Also instead of tomato sauce I used paste. I also added a clove of fresh garlic and a dash of cilantro. I then topped it with mild cheddar cheese and put it in the oven just to melt the cheese. This resulted in a much better finished product and more smiling faces at the dinner table.

Even after leaving out the tomato sauce completely, this was too tomato-y for us.  The sweet, tomato flavor totally predominated this as a side dish.

I don't keep instant rice in the house, I used regular long grain rice in place of the instant. It just took a little longer to cook. I also used a red bell pepper instead of green and lime juice instead of lemon juice. The boys really liked this rice, especially the youngest. I'd make this again.

