Delightful is right! I was out of fresh red peppers so I used a roasted red pepper from a jar, other than that I made no alterations. I did add one jalapeno & loved the bit of heat it added...I think next time I might even add 1/2 of another. I chose to use the fresh parsley, although I think basil would be nice also. I was going to make this a first-course but decided this would make a better partner to the meal so I served it w/ Grilled Halibut with Cilantro Garlic Butter, some leftover rice frome a stuffed grapes recipe & homemade italian bread, cooked on the grill & served w/ infused oil. Pinot grigio paired really well but then again I like it w/ just about everything. LOL

I am not a fan of mango so i made this recipe with peaches.  I don't know what kind of overall difference it made, but I found the gazpacho to be bland and boring, even with the added jalepeno.

Great, easy recipe for a delicious summer soup!  I made this for a small get-together after finding mangoes at Costco, and everyone loved it.  I will definitely be making it again!

An explosion of flavours

My husband and I loved this.  I made it exactly as written and it turned out great.  I'll surely make this again on  a hot summer evening.

Good, refreshing.

This was pretty good and very visually appealing! It came out a little orange-juicy though; not sure what to do to fix that next time. I pre-roasted the bell pepper in the oven with a little olive oil. I used half an onion and I liked that amount, it didn't overpower it. I left out the garlic due to sensitive stomach and I didn't miss it. If you want to add extra veggies, I think some riced cauliflower might be nice.

Made this as the first course of an outdoor luncheon on a very warm day for friends. Based on other reviews, I reduced the orange juice to 1 1/2 cups. I used 1/2 jalapeño with about 1/3 of the seeds to add a bit of heat. Added 1 small chopped avocado, then used an immulsifier  blender for a few seconds only.  The second course was an orzo, shrimp and asparagus salad served at room temperature. My guests wanted both recipes. I will definitely make both again.

I really liked it as is reads, but I made it a second time using mint instead of cilantro and I liked it even better!  Very refreshing.

This is lovely for a hot summer day!  Have made this several times and find that puréeing the garlic and onions with the mangoes and olive oil helps the flavours combine.  Also, I added salt and pepper to the cucumbers and red peppers for a few minutes before adding to the mango purée - this added just a bit of depth.  Garnished with basil and jalapeño.                 YUM!!  YUM!!! YUM!!!

First off - I was looking for a Summer Breakfast 
Soup (a tall order) and after endless looking, decided on this. I did 6x the recipe, was 1/2 cu short on fresh mango (they had a blow-out deal at the grocery so opted for the extra labor with fresh) I had decided to use orange mango juice with frozen mango, but since I was using fresh to use OJ and I do not think the orange is overwhelming. I used half parsley and half cilantro. I prepared all the veggies using the processor on PULSE so there are varying sizes of "chunks" not too many large. I also had some roasted garlic to use up (about 2/3)and 1/3 raw so threw in an extra raw clove to compensate. I really love this. I think I'll try the ginger and curry variation next time! Thanks for a wonderful summer soup!

