I made this recipe for a group and it was a huge hit!  Although I made it exactly as the recipe instructs, I like the fact that you can play around with the sweetness by reducing the sugar, replacing the club soda with ginger ale, or increasing the amount of club soda used!

minus the club soda, i added cranberry juice instead. beautiful color too.

Quick and Easy.  I used freshly squeezed orange juice and 1/2 the sugar

Very easy, very good and popular with everyone who tried it.

I made this all last year and am excited to make it again this year!  I use about a quarter of the lemon juice (it gets really acidic and tart for my taste). I also use simple syrup instead and it mixes much easier! I'm a TCU horned frog, so add some blue curaçao to make it more purple. It's a big hit at the tailgate every week! We've been calling it "Frog's Blood" with fresh blueberries, blackberries, and raspberries!

I thought this was an excellent recipe, and I didn't change a thing, although I did add slices of apples, oranges, and lemons. I bought the cheapest Cabernet I could find, and I also made the sangria the night before to let the flavors meld. However, next time I wouldn't add the club soda the night before, because it lost some of its carbonation. It should be added shortly before you plan to serve the sangria. My company raved about this recipe, and the best part is that I made a double batch and then froze the leftovers to make wine slushies. They were fabulous! Just add club soda or Sprite to the frozen sangria for an amazing drink!

Delicious and flexible. I used red berry brandy and lemon sparkling water. I also only had one cup of lemon juice, so only used one cup of sugar. Very forgiving recipe, and so good!

Thank you my friend i like this topic.

Every where I take it, we get invited back, with the condition we bring it. I use one of the empty orange juice cartons to freeze a portion for an ice float, rather than watering it down with plain ice cubes.

Not a fan of "brown liqours", so I tried it with peach flavored rum. I was really good; however, vodka is my spirit of choice, so I tried peach flavored vodka...winner! Made a simple syrup instead of adding straight sugar. This is now a stable at all our family get-togethers!

