This was excellent!  The only changes I made was I didn't have marinated veggies so I used the advice of another and used some canned artichoke and I didn't use cherry tomatoes, but thickly sliced zucchini.  My girls are 4 and 7 and they ate this up.  Husband claimed to be 'not feeling well' but ended up having seconds.  it was more stew-like that I thought it would be, but that didn't change the great flavor.

I liked the sauce, but felt it would be better with chicken rather than fish, which defeats the whole purpose of making this dish.

First of all,  I hate green olives but this recipe for some reason looked worth trying and I’m glad I did. The green olives in this recipe was a nice addition. I went with other reviewers suggestions and used artichoke instead of the vegetables. I also added 1 lb shrimp and a tbs capers. I don’t use cayenne pepper but I did add a few shakes of red pepper. My father in law went back for seconds. He never eats a double portion.*You do not need salt in this recipe. Between the olives and capers, it was plenty salty.

Delicious! This had so much flavor. I didn't have cherry tomatoes so I sliced campari tomatoes and cut the slices in half. I used chickpeas instead of the marinated vegetables. I also had some leftover spaghetti sauce to get rid of so used  that instead of tomato sauce.

Delicious dish though I will double the sauce next time so there’s more in the rice.

I was looking for a cod recipe.  This was a keeper. Unique and flavorful. The sauce enhanced the cod.

I LOVE Cod it's my favorite fish and am always looking for a good recipe.. this was Great. Not disappointed at all..

Loved it.
Made it as is less the cayenne...my wife doesn't care for the heat.
Will make it again for sure.

We usually bread cod with panko and bake it in the oven, but this was a nice change. The tomato sauce complimented the fish well. Would be good with chicken too.

I made substitutions according to what I had in my kitchen: 
Canned diced tomatoes (with green chilies) instead of cherry tomatoes; marinated artichoke hearts instead of Italian vegetable salad; and Kalamata (Greek) olives instead of green olives.

Hubby said he'd eat it again.

This was delicious! I added a chopped zucchini and followed others’ recommendations to use marinated artichoke hearts instead of whatever seasoned Italian salad is? It was super easy to make and very tasty. I paired this with brown rice. We will definitely make this again and add shrimp. My boyfriend also said we should add sausage to give it a New Orleans flair.

This was a unique recipe for cod that I was very excited to try. I followed it pretty closely but made a few improvisations. I used black olives and capers because that's what I had on hand.  And because this is a Spanish dish, a added a pinch of saffron.  Also some diced zucchini as suggested by another reviewer.  Served it with brown rice and sautéed rapini.  Delicious,  healthy and different.

