I doubled this recipe, an also decided to work with what I had, and from knowing how my mother cooked stews (we are Spanish)...so I subbed capers for green olives, added about 6 oz red wine, 1 cup beef broth , added about a teaspoon of cumin, about 4 tablespoons of chopped fresh parsley, 1 tablespoon of paprika, 2 teaspoons of oregano, and a shot of olive oil. I sauteed a small chopped green bell pepper with the onion and garlic.  Also I did not use sofrito...basically the onions, green pepper, and garlic are already sofrito so that's kind of redundant. Anyway...Amazing!!

I followed the recipe and some of the suggestions from others, like browning the meat with the sazon seasoning (i made it myself since my store didnt carry it) and I added red wine, worcestershire and beef broth to the mix and it STILL tasted like something was missing. I cooked it on high for 4 hours and the potatoes didn't soften, I had to take them all out and microwave them for 15 minutes.  Flavor was seriously lacking, super disappointed - the recipe sounded so delicious!

Unfortunately, for our household this tasted like tomato sauce. Wasn't terrible but won't be making again.

Cooked to the recipe to instructions and ingredients. Very nice with some crusty bread and butter

I liked this a lot. I can't cook great so this was a nice easy to make meal. The red potatoes I bought were kind of big so I only used 2 and I added baby carrots. Cooked it 5 hours so the potatoes were fully cooked.

It’s really good and easy

I've been making stew in basically the same manner for over 40 years. Pretty darned good stuff I'll admit, but when I saw this recipe I decided to give it a try.  I'm really glad that I did! Now, it annoys me when someone reviews "their" recipe (theirs because they changed so many ingredients  or cooking methods that it's unrecognizable) and gives the original marks off because it wasn't to their liking or worse, says it's a five. That being said, yes, I did change one or two minor things due to circumstances. I had no diced tomatoes so I used a 14.5oz can of stewed tomatoes that I had on hand. That might have given it a slightly sweeter taste but probably offset any acidity that the tomatoes may have had and I think complemented it very well.  I also used 2lbs. of beef rather than 1 because apparently I can't read. LOL! I coated the beef with my own adobo mix and browned it before putting it into the crock pot. Lastly, I added a healthy dose of chopped carrots because, well, it's stew. This ended up being perhaps the best darned stew that I have ever made. I just had the last cupful over a baked potato for lunch. To die for!Oh, as others have said, 4 hours on low was not long enough. I cut the beef and vegetables into smaller than normal chunks, about an inch or so. It still took about 6 hours for the vegetables to get tender. Even so they were still firm and not mushy. This is by no way a criticism, just guidance for someone looking for a "quick" slow cooker recipe.

1st time making this and my husband and I loved it. I used black olives and added a cup of sliced baby bella mushrooms. The beef stew meat weighed 1.5 pounds which I recommend the extra .5 lbs.

InterestingDidnt have sofrito (12oz) sauce, but tried 2 put in the ingredients that make it.  Tasted wonderful, fork tender & sauce from cooking ~ yummy with tattersI would have given it a 5 star but I didnt really make recipe so couldn't actually review it by this rating.  Good change!

I loved it. I added Spanish rice into the crock pot. It was delicious.

That's how mine came out...yummy

