I've been mixing red wine and cola for a while now and am glad that I'm not the only one. I like it on days the red wine is tasting too heavy.

I gave this just 3 stars because I don't really care for sweet drinks like this one.  But it's worth trying at least once none the less.  About this recipe...Any cola will not work for this drink.  You must use Coca Cola or you’re not making Kalimotxo properly.  Coca Cola is very important because the other brands of colas are too sweet and that destroys the mix.
The other thing this recipe and its direction leave out is that it has to be bad wine, this is fundamental, because kalimotxo with good wine tastes worse and you are just wasting a good wine.  The wine should be bitter, because Coca Cola is sweet enough and the mix has to be compensated for.
The other thing is the mixing of this drink, you want to maintain as much of the gases from the coke as possible, so be careful with doing the mixing.  I recommend you us an empty 2 liter bottle, carefully fill about half the bottle with the coke, then add the bad red wine, then carefully fill with the rest of the coke.  Close the bottle and gently rock it about 4 or 5 times to mix, remember, your attempting to maintain as much of the gasses of the coke as possible.  Oh yes, the other thing about Kalimotxo is try not to drink too much of it, it will leave you with one nasty hangover the next day after drinking all that sugar.

I rarely drink, but I thought I'd give this a try.  It's really nice.  I used a kosher wine, so it came out super sweet, but surprisingly good.  Looking forward to trying it with a regular wine!

I am a wine from the bottle drinker but I tried this and it is awesome. I made it with a very cold Diet Coke and I am hooked!

lav it

My husband traveled to Santander, Spain for his job and tried it there! He brought home a Spanish wine and we used that with Coca-Cola.  I'll admit, when he told me about it,  I was skeptical,  but it was surprisingly delicious!!

Pretty accurate, but if you're going to go true estilo bottelon, a box of red wine will do just fine.

indeed the sweetness of the CC disguises the cheap red wine... works well for getting pile driven hammered on saturday morning

This was really good. I used sangiovese, diet coke, and I threw in a sliced lemon.

I've been mixing red wine and cola for a while now and am glad that I'm not the only one. I like it on days the red wine is tasting too heavy.

I spent two weeks in Basque country this summer and drank these frequently. They use common table wine with ONLY COCA COLA.

