***** I've made this 4 times already. TIP:  The best thing is to use it right away (next day) so it won't become too sticky. The dought i baked today was in the refrig. for 5 days and it was sooooo sticky. Didn't have a problem with the previous ones which i baked the next day. /I made a batch of apple filled (apple pie filling with a little cinnamon) and another batch with nutella and crushed hazelnuts. In my opinion, fruit is the way to go. These were delicious. The kids liked the nutella ones too but i think they were a little too sweet. The Nutella is least likely to "leak" in the oven and they seemed easier to handle when they are still hot. The fruit ones stay softer longer after cooking them so i had to wait a little longer for them to "set" so they could be transfered to the serving dish. No Biggie!! I was just in a hurry and i needed my cookie sheet to bake some more. I love this recipe so much i want to try all kinds of fillings in it. You should try it too!

I did not like this dough. It came out way too flaky for my taste. It's better for pastry empanadas, than savory ones.

I love this dough and so does my family! It's great for pastries! I let it sit over night in the fridge and use it the following day. I've found it helpful to roll it out in flour and if it gets too dry rub some room temp butter on your hands and knead it a bit. If it gets too warm it doesn't seal well while you're trying to close it. I separate it out into smaller portions and cycle through them making three empanadas at a time, keeping the other portions in the freezer to keep them chilled. It was a learning curve over the last couple years I've been using this recipe but I've figured it out and we love it!

Today was my first time EVER making empanadas.  I made the dough yesterday and took it out of the fridge and put it back in at least 4 times, and they STILL turned out amazingly!  I did add maybe 1/2 tsp of salt and did the egg wash before baking.  I was worried I undercooked ?these because they definitely weren’t browned very much (I cooked them for 18 mins), but they were perfect!!!  I will be using this dough recipe with many other fillings and recipes.  This was so easy, I am still in awe with the results.  Thank would post a picture, but they were all gone within seconds!!!  Thank you, thank you, thank you so much for sharing this wonderful recipe!!!

The dough was too soft,  sticky not a good flavor either. It was very hard to work with.

This is an excellent recipe. It was super easy to make, not too many ingredients, and the flavor of the dough is amazing.

I needed to bake these the same night that I made the dough, so I made the dough and chilled the dough in the fridge for 45min. After 45min I was able to roll out the dough with lots of extra flour to prevent sticking, then brush with an egg wash and bake for 25min at 375.

They couldn't have turned out better. In fact, they were so good that the next day we made a triple batch with dinner and dessert fillings! Thank you for such an awesome recipe!!!

Every time I make them they disappear within 20 min.

Very easy to follow. Turned great. I enjoyed using my new cast iron skillet. Made great lunch reheated while deer hunting.

The dough is amazing! I only let the dough sit for three hours before using and they came out perfect.

Super easy and it turned out very yummy. I used apple and peach pie fillings. Yummy! Thank you for sharing!

Based on positive reviews, i made a double batch of dough. My little hand mixer was not up to the job. Rolling out the dough was also difficult. Dough was not sweet at all. (Fine with me) I used apple pie filling, served with ice cream and caramel sauce. Yum. i don't know if I would make again...too much work.

