I don't understand the poor ratings that this recipe has been given!  This flan is great.  It's definitely not the over-dense, over-syrupy-sweet American flan, this is real, fabulous flan.  It's sweet without being overpowering, and holds together tightly without being dense.  It's light and beautiful when it's done!  Definitely party-worthy.  I did make some changes: (1)Doubled the recipe and used 8 eggs (didn't differentiate between whites and whole eggs).  (2) Added 2 t. of vanilla.  (3) Put it in two large ceramic dishes. (4) Added 1 c. of heavy cream (1/2 c., if you didn't double the recipe).  It turned out absolutely marvelous!  I'll definitely be making it again.

Flan is one of my favorite desserts but I didn't enjoy this version as much as another recipe I've tried from this site.  It didn't set up as I'd hoped and I really prefer the kind made with condensed milk.  Glad I gave it a shot.  Thanks anyway Bobby.

Well this recipe is a great favorite for our family parties. It's better than the sweetened condensed milk version.  I use 3% milk and the texture is light and not too overpoweringly sweet.

It’s was the best I tried and it was the best dish of the day

This is the only flan I make now. It is light, creamy and delicious. I do not understand the bad reviews. It is not as sweet as the other recipes which may be why people say they don't like it. It is really wonderful when done right.

This is a beautiful flan with a great texture - smooth and creamy, but firm enough to cut with a spoon. I added a tsp of good quality vanilla, but it wasn't necessary, if you prefer the sweet eggy flavor. For ease of preparation, I heated the milk in the sauce pan with the caramel residue, which dissolves the caramelized sugar into the milk, adding to the custard's flavor. This recipe is a keeper. By the way, if you're going to bake the cups in an aluminum pan, you should sprinkle a little cream of tartar into the water (NOT the flan) to keep the inside of the pan from oxidizing (turning dark). I adjusted this recipe for 6 to fill 8 small ramekins, but I left the caramel at 1/2 cup sugar.

Neat and simple recipe! Made a couple of batches one with the recipe here and the other with some vanilla extract. Both came out great!

Anything can be good if you put love into it. This is the best recipe by far. I did my own little tweaks for it but it's still good! I replace one cup of the whole milk with heavy whipping cream for that extra smooth taste...

Made a mistake and didn’t use boiling water!! Just waited it out as it was still liquid at 40 min and ended up baking it 30 min longer.  It still came out great!

I'm not done making mine yet but i just would like to put a fair warning that it takes longer then 40 min in the oven (in mine at least)

I had never made flan before and was a bit intimidated. I looked at a few recipes and most of them called for sweetened condensed milk and evaporated milk. I have nothing against these ingredients, I just don't generally keep them in my pantry. This recipe was simple with well written directions I had no troubles following and the flan was perfection. I will definitely be making this one again.

