This was great tasting rice dish. The only change  I made was to add the whole red bell pepper, since I like lots of veggies. I did use my homemade vegetable broth. I'm certainly going to make this one again....a keeper.

I followed recipe but came out sticky taste is good. Wonder what I did wrong?

This was excellent!  I forgot to pick up vegetable broth so I used chicken broth instead.  Turned out great!

The rice was very good and tasted great.  I would put less water next time because the rice was clumped together and not very fluffy.  Instead of 3 cups of water, I will use 2 cups of water for 1 1/2 cups of rice.

Really good authentic Mexican taste. I added some chopped chicken and increased liquid to accommodate added chicken so it made for a complete meal.

I followed recipe but came out sticky taste is good. Wonder what I did wrong?

Very good recipe, adding to regular rotation. I made with beef broth as that was what was on hand.

This is amazing and I'm so excited that I can make my own Spanish rice and vegetables!! Only change I made was that I used homemade veggie broth and added peas. Simple and easy I will definitely be making this again!

My toddler and husband loved this. You can  put any vegetables that you want and it will taste good.

Outstanding flavor and relatively easy to make; for recipes of this type, I have grown accustomed to a fair to good result.  The taste of this was amazing!  The one note I will add, because it doesn't show well in the picture, is the sazon seasoning turns the rice pink to red in color!  Some people seemed a little disturbed by the appearance but immediately forgot it when they tasted how wonderful the rice was.  I think warning people ahead that they are going to get a "festive" change in rice color will alleviate the surprise and help them fully enjoy this great recipe.  I know I will be making it over and over- particularly on any red-themed holidays!   Love it-

A very tasty dish! I left the Goya spices out and replaced them with standard seasoning. Perfect for dinner and lunch.

