I don't think I have ever made a dish in my life more perfect.  I am a man. I was single for 40 years before I met my wife. I made what sounded good to me. I am 60 years old.  before my wife had a stroke 8 years ago we took turns, I cooked the meals half the time. I have cooked all the meals since then.  The meals that count, that I can take some time with are usually Sunday night.  The store I shop at doesn't sell Saffron, I had to go to a second store to get the saffron. I couldn't fine the arborior rice so I used Jasmine rice.  I have never cooked with saffron or used the shrimp shells to make a stock. I make decent meals every day but this was off the charts .  Thank you.

I followed this recipe exactly as written and my rice didn't cook in the time specified and my shrimp was way overcooked. I thought 20 minutes in the oven with shrimp was a little too long. I should have added them in the last 10 minutes of cooking. The flavor was great with the saffron and shrimp tail broth that was made.

I’ve made this Chef John recipe for years and love it. A couple changes I make are that I sauté the shrimp in the skillet first seasoned with salt pepper  garlic powder and paprika. Then I set the shrimp aside and add it to the dish when it comes out of the oven. Putting the shrimp raw on top and then cooking for 20 minutes made the shrimp rubbery.I also double the recipe but you need a lot more broth as a lot of it evaporates when making the saffron broth and doesn’t leave enough to make the final dish. I now add chicken thighs, squid and bay scallops too. I also add lemon juice to the pan before putting in the oven.

Oh wow! I made this for a birthday party dinner for friends and everyone LOVED it! Not only was it beautiful it was delicious! My friends are not meat eaters so I made a vegetarian version by using vegetable stock to make the seafood stock and deleting the sausage altogether. I added a little extra olive oil to sauté the onions and seasoned them well with smoked and sweet paprika, cayenne and some Sazon seasoning with annatto. The color was beautiful and no one missed the sausage. Thank you for a fantastic recipe!!!

Delicious! The steps are more intimidating than they are to execute so have no fear if you try this! My shrimp shell/saffron broth cooked down to 1.5c in step 1 so I had to supplement with another 3/4c chicken broth - which yes, means I used just a touch over 2c saffron/broth when I added to the rice. The only intentional substitute was corn for peas because that’s what I had. Otherwise followed exactly. Baked in the oven exactly 20 min and, after burning my hand 😂 - simmered for another 3min on the stove. Full of flavor and bursts of texture! I’ve had paella before but this was the best version I have made so far. Thanks CJ! Will make again and use this as a creative starting point!

Darn it! This was #*%& delicious 🤤 My family doesn’t like peas so I used chickpeas. Instead of pepper slices, I chopped them. I  didn’t have chorizo so I used bacon. I know it’s an no-no but I used basmati because I love it. Didn’t less/ more broth or liquid. I bought peeled/deveined shrimp so instead of boiling the shells, I substituted an 8 oz bottle of clam clam juice. Otherwise, I cooked/baked according to the directions. The smell from the oven… my family loved it. ❤️ THANK YOU CHEF JOHN

I added Half a cup more broth due to the type of rice I had.

I have made this several times now and it's great. I usually add a few of whatever I have around-pablano, green onions, whatever..The shrimp broth, saffron and smoked paprika are essential!ALL HAIL CHEF JOHN!!!

Easy starter paella. I used several substitute ingredients due to insufficient planning. Spanish chorizo was substituted with Mild Italian Sausage and I lacked Saffron (gasp!).

This was an easy and fun recipe to make! I mostly followed the recipe - just added a bit more than a pinch of cayenne and used ground chorizo. It was excellent!

I made this recipe according to the instructions. I used uncooked Chorizo, not cured. You could substitute Italian sausage and it would taste great. I used Iberia short-grain Valencia rice, you can use any short grain rice, Bomba rice, or Goya CA Pearl Rice and get the desired texture. Arborio rice should be used only if you cannot find any of the Valencia rices. I added a chicken breast, cut up into pieces and cooked with the sausage at the beginning. Using the shrimp shells to flavor the chicken broth gives a lot of flavor to the dish. Don’t skip this step! I used Ancho Chili powder and cracked black pepper to season the broth. I don’t usually add salt unless it’s needed. But I would recommend adding salt at the end of cooking, since the sauce will reduce and it can end up too salty. I sprinkled sweet paprika on the top of the dish at the end of cooking.  It was very, very good. But I am not convinced that it needed to be cooked in the oven. I think it could be prepared on the stovetop and it will come out fine. I will try that next time to see if there is any difference in the texture. If you are using Arborio rice, then oven baking may prevent it from becoming too creamy like a risotto. But this was definitely a flavorful dish!

