Love lingonberry jam but had to substitute with cranberries. I haven't been able to find them around here. :( Sorry for the post without making this exact recipe.

One of the easiest jam recipes and one that can be easily adapted to your own tastebuds. For example, I used 1/2 c of water for consistency and 1  3/4 c of sugar for just the right tartness for me. I used berries I had picked and frozen and started berries at a low simmer with stirring until thawed, then added 1/4 c water and brought to boil for several minutes. I then added sugar and another 1/4 c of water to achieve my consistency. The jam is perfect and gorgeous! Thank you for this recipe!

I have made lingonberry (we call them Partridge berries here) jam by this recipe and it's pretty good. I prefer to slowly start the jam on a low heat with the frozen berries. When you do this there is no need to add water as enough juice will be released by the thawing berries to produce a slightly thicker jam. To bump up the flavour and texture as well as extend your berries, you can add up to an equal amount of peeled chopped apple which is excellent. This berry is absolutely beautiful used in muffins, loaves/cakes, pies, as a substitute for cranberries in sauces served with turkey etc. An interesting aside is that lingonberries are the best plant food source of vitamin D! This berry is a staple in my neck of the woods.

I found a massive patch of lingonberries and was given some as well.  I made this with a stevia blend instead of just sugar.  It was still delicious and one of my favorite jams!

Love lingonberry jam but had to substitute with cranberries. I haven't been able to find them around here. :( Sorry for the post without making this exact recipe.

I've never made this jam but it looks like the same kind they sell at IKEA - I eat it straight from the jar with nothing else))) Lingonberries being one of my favorite berries can recommend using them everywhere in place of cranberries - so tasty and healthy as they are very good for you!

This recipe is awsome i love making swedish recipes! i will make this again

thank you thank you. lingonberry recipies are so hard to come by. this is as simpleas it gets and is wonderful !

