Hi - I am the cook that entered this recipe and as I was reading through the reviews about the warm cream I realized that one important word had been left out of the instructions - "CHILL"! After you pour the cream mixture into the glasses put the glasses into the fridge until chilled- THEN add the berries. It will thicken a bit but won't set up into a really stiff mixture. Sorry for the omission on the original contribution.

I really wish I had read the comments before making this. It was a huge mistake. I expected a light, fluffy dessert that was cold and yummy. Instead what I found was a very thin cream. Everyone who enjoyed this "fixed" the recipe and to me that means they created their own. When whipping cream is heated it loses the enzyme which allows it to whip. Thus you are left with a runny mess. I was not pleased and will not make this again. I wish people had registered stars that were associated with this recipe and not their own versions of it. I'm sure their versions are fine, however, that's not the recipe "as written".

I have made this 3 times. Delicious!  I did not heat the cream. I whipped it, and then folded it into the sour cream mixture.

I followed other users advice and did not heat the cream. I whipped the heavy cream and in another bowl mixed all ingredients except the liquor then added it to the whipped cream. I added lemon zest then refrigerated. I marinated raspberries and blueberries in Grand Marnier and placed berries on top. All of my guests raved about it!!!! They all asked for the recipe. Very light and refreshing on a hot summer day ??

Very good. I'm not a chef so I needed something easy to impress my valentine with, great success!

I made this for snacking and dessert this week. It's so creamy, smooth and delicious! It's like a Romanoff sauce for strawberries but a 1000 times better. It's a new favorite in our home and will be made frequently.

I would give it 5 stars for taste but, as many others have pointed out, scalding the cream was a bit of a mystery. I tried it but it never thickened, even when cooled, so I chilled it, whipped it, & folded it into the sour cream/yogurt. Cut back on the sugar a little & used half grand marnier/half triple sec. The flavor was delightful. I layered it in parfaits with some leftover 
plum puree which worked out well. Will make it again.

The flavor was good but it never really"set" for me.  I think next time I may just use cool whip instead of the whipping cream as it came out more like thickened milk.  Or maybe I will whip the cream first and not heat it.  Definitly worth a second try.

As I'm British, I've copied the British measurements for this recipe below.

250ml soured cream
100g caster sugar
120ml natural yoghurt
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
3 tablespoons Grand Marnier
475ml double cream
1 punnet fresh strawberries, hulled and sliced

I was looking for something that was not only quick and easy to put together but that also looked impressive for my dinner party.  This recipe fitted the bill perfectly.  As Grand Marnier is so expensive, I used brandy mixed with orange oil to replace it for this recipe.  It worked perfectly well.  As strawberries are currently out of season, I topped with orange segments instead and then served with some home-made biscuits.  The only thing I think that I would add is that YOU MUST CHILL these for a couple of hours to allow them to set. For some reason, this appears to be omitted from the recipe.  A refreshingly good, sophisticated dessert that my guests loved.

This made a lovely parfait with raspberries and blueberries. Don't forget to chill it!

I really wish I had read the comments before making this. It was a huge mistake. I expected a light, fluffy dessert that was cold and yummy. Instead what I found was a very thin cream. Everyone who enjoyed this "fixed" the recipe and to me that means they created their own. When whipping cream is heated it loses the enzyme which allows it to whip. Thus you are left with a runny mess. I was not pleased and will not make this again. I wish people had registered stars that were associated with this recipe and not their own versions of it. I'm sure their versions are fine, however, that's not the recipe "as written".

