I think the dumplings turned out like the recipe called for them to; they were excellent but I may have made them too big for my family's taste. I believe that when I make these dumplings again with this recipe I wouldn't make them so large. However this may be difficult because when I was experimenting with the sizes, it was hard to form them into smaller dumplings. So for me it will take a few tries to figure out the right technique to get the right size that works for my crew. These dumplings work well with another recipe from this site "mom's paprika chicken" (pictured with the dumplings.)

I had to add an extra cup of flour to this recipe. Really, one egg plus one and a half cups milk to on and 3/4 cups flour makes a very thin mess when added to boiling soup or stew. (But, it was yummy with the extra flour, so I'm glad I found this recipe.)

I think the dumplings turned out like the recipe called for them to; they were excellent but I may have made them too big for my family's taste. I believe that when I make these dumplings again with this recipe I wouldn't make them so large. However this may be difficult because when I was experimenting with the sizes, it was hard to form them into smaller dumplings. So for me it will take a few tries to figure out the right technique to get the right size that works for my crew. These dumplings work well with another recipe from this site "mom's paprika chicken" (pictured with the dumplings.)

I had to add an extra cup of flour to this recipe. Really, one egg plus one and a half cups milk to on and 3/4 cups flour makes a very thin mess when added to boiling soup or stew. (But, it was yummy with the extra flour, so I'm glad I found this recipe.)

These dumplings are excellent!!  I made them for a chicken stew and they went perfectly with it.  This makes quite a lot of dumplings so I actually put some of the batter in the fridge and made dumplings again a couple of days later using some vegetable broth. Yummy and comforting. I would definitely make these again for any recipe calling for dumplings.  They have a really nice basic dumpling flavor and the texture is dense and filling. Thanks for a great dumpling recipe!!

I made these tonight for chicken and dumplings..they are very yummy! thanks for sharing

Exactly what I was looking for to make some simple dumplings.

This is very tasty and couldn't be much simpler!  I added finely minced scallions (the green part only) and made them smaller than called for.  Yum!

super easy & tasty

My grandmother used to make these but I never did ask her for a recipe and I have regretted that for years!! Non of my swedish cook books include a recipe for klimp....
My grandmother is from Harjedalen in northern Sweden and they eat klimp with "messmor sas", which is a gravy made with whey cheese!! May sound a bit strange but it's delicious and is one of my fondest childhood memories:)
Thanks for sharing this wonderful recipe!!

This recipe is very good.  We like soups and this is a good addition to our collection.

