This recipe needed some tweaking.  There was not near enough corn syrup to get the dough to stick--it was "sandy".  I added about 2/3 cup and that was adequate, but from looking at other recipes I think you could add closer to 3/4 to 1C and still be fine.  My spice additions were at least doubled and I used as follows:  2 tsp cloves, 1T cinnamon, 2tsp Cardamom, 1T ginger, and I will add more Ginger next time as I like them zingy.  WITH those changes, it was a good recipe.

These came out great! I used light corn syrup and salted butter, but otherwise followed it exactly. As others said, the dough was a little crumbly towards the end of mixing and it was a little hard to roll out. I was suspicious, but I stuck with it, and they came out delicious! Nice delicate flavor, hold their shape in the oven, and cool to be perfectly crispy.

I gave it four stars instead of five because of the sadistic advice to roll the 'chilled dough'. I tried this with my marble rolling pin which promptly rolled off the hard-as-brick dough and smashed my fingers.NOTE: Let the dough sit for a bit at room temp.CHANGES: I used one cup of packed brown sugar and no white sugar. Also, used molasses instead of dark corn syrup. I rolled the dough rather thick, about 1/4 of an inch and cut the dough into small star shapes. Sprinkled these with a bit of sparkling, white sugar - pretty!CONCLUSION: Very tasty cookies! I will make these again and may use one and a half teaspoons of each spice for more 'punch'.

Honestly been using this recipe for a few years now with some tweaking. I replace the corn syrup with molasses (1/2 cup) and 1 tsp of pepper. I don't know why they call them pepper cookies and add no pepper. Anyway, it's good for a base.

I had never made these before. My husband being Swedish always talked about his Mom making these. So, I decided to try. The dough was too dry so I added more corn syrup and a little water. We will see what the final product turns out like. They are in process now!

Got to the part where the flour is added.....checked recipe 3-4 times to see if I had messed up...my girlfriend finally saw in the reviews about adding the karo syrup...! Thank you, it saved the big bowl of powder that I had, and converted it into a dough.....and yes, I am male, so the frustration level was close to off the chart !!! Thanks again....rsbhunter

Yes, they take some work but I followed the recipe as written and had no trouble.  Yes, refrigerating the dough overnight results in a pretty hard dough and it takes time and effort to work it out, but if you put in the effort you will get traditional Swedish cookies.  One unmentioned benefit - your house will smell amazing when they are baking.

Tried it and is just a dry crumbly mess. Thought I screwed up so I tried again, just a bad recipe

I'm not home and wanted to make some pepparkakor.  This recipe was terrible.  I saw it through to the end hoping that the next day it would stick but no luck.  What a waste  :(   I'll stick to my authentic recipe and may even post it.

I tracked down this recipe with the help from a family member that receives these as a gift from a friend every Christmas.  the recipe I received was a little different- 3tsp. cinnamon, 3 tsp. ginger, 2 tsp. clove.  The spice amounts are right on target.  I used 2 tsp corn syrup, but after reading some of the comments, I think I might try more next time as it should make the dough easier to handle.  I didn't roll these out and use cutters, I rolled these into 4 "logs" and cut them, as my recipe directed me to do.  I cut them as thin as possible with a thin knife, came out just right.  I think this method is alot faster, but you do forgo the fun shapes.

