I was looking for a great crust recipe for mini tart crusts and this is it! A few additional suggestions for this recipe: Getting tarts out of a tart pan can be frustrating. I even made this great crust in mini tart pans which are expecially a problem.  Be sure to spray your pans with a non stick cooking spray. Otherwise, you will not be able to remove the tarts without breaking. Also, I always put my crusts in the freezer for about five minutes, right before baking.  This allows the butter to get cold and then the hot burst from the oven makes the crust puff much better so the crust is not crackly.

They were okay, but won't make them again. The family didn't let them go to waste. I did double the filling because for some reason I ran out half way threw.

Pretty good. The filling recipe amts aren't adequate for the 12 tart shells, granted that I used a muffin pan vs one for tarts. Would need to triple the filling or try to make smaller shells next time. It's also easier and quicker to roll out the dough and cut out with a round cookie mould vs manually shaping up the shells within the tins.

Im just confused on cream what kind of cream
Please help

Yes, the filling needs to be doubled. Even then, I just made it for the 12 . And yes, a little more butter for the crust

I had gotten some mini tart pans from Pampered Chef so I wanted to try them on a simple recipe and this is what I found. It divides pretty nicely into six mini tart pans, though I remember needing to make some more of the filling (I made it last year and am about to remake it for the first time). I also added a few drops of almond extract to the dough, which was a really good idea, though it may make it too overwhelmingly almond for some. I made it for my parents and brother previously, and everyone loved it. I'm hoping to make them again and again.

These are so good! I had to double the amount of the filling, though, for some reason. I baked them in a silicone muffin pan that I didn't even have to grease prior to baking. Afterwards, I let them cool off completely and they just popped out without any mess.

Love it. Definitely doesn't make enough. I usually 1/2 again the filling. Have used slivered and sliced almonds - both equally good. Even better to add a bit of almond extract. Also, add maybe a teaspoon or so of water to the dough until it forms a ball. Easier to work with and doesn't seem to change the texture.

Very easy to make, coming from a person who cannot make any type of crust without ruining it.  Kids love it.  Made these as a treat for my daughters friend from college who is from Sweden.  She requests these each time they come to visit!

Really delicious and easy to make. Like another reviewer, I ran out of the fillings and had to make more. Still, I will definitely make again.

OMG absolutely DIVINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Would only recommend doubling the pastry mixture and making half as much again of the filling.  Also silicon cases are definately the way to go with these if you want to be able to remove them easily without breaking.  Gorgeous - an absolute must

