I live in Sweden and this recipie is exactly like the one I use to make Jansson's Delight,, it is wonderful!  The only difference is that I add the anchovies (packed in water from a tin) in layers, rather than at the bottom.  I prefer your method better than mine.

Tasty enough, as scalloped potatoes go.  My potluck diners were surprised to learn about the anchovies.

Couple of things. You fry the onions first before they go in the pan. The cream should be mixed with milk. And the recipe requires anchovies paste in addition to the anchovies if you don't have the Swedish anchovies

It is critical that you use Swedish anchovies for Janssons, regular anchovies are too strong for this iconic Swedish tradition.

Really, it is not proper for me to rate this recipe; mine is too different.  My wife and I love anchovies; my wife has a dairy allergy. Oh, what to do, what to do. Well, what I did was to make it with *coconut* milk. A delicious result, but a VERY different flavor, eh? Still, I give thanks for the basic framework of the recipe, and hence my rating.

This is one of my son's favorite dishes. I've always made it with smoked salmon because at the time I found this delicious recipe, I did not have access to Swedish anchovies (Amazon only sold books back then) and I didn't know I could use regular anchovies. I will have to try it this way now! I vouch for the smoked salmon substitution however, and highly recommend this rich, comforting winter dish.

I made this for the first time . My ex used to make this . my daughter moved in with me and her step mom so as a surprise for her because she hasn't had it for years. we sat down to eat She took 1 bite and said much better tham her moms was . She was so excited

I always wanted to try this.  It’s easy to make and turned out great. Hubby ate it and never realized those little fishies were in there.

So easy and delicious! I rearranged the order of ingredients, placing the potatoes on the bottom, followed by sliced onions, garlic salt and pepper,  and chopped ham (instead of the anhovies); then I did a second layer and poured the cream over and topped it with the bread crumbs and butter. Will definitely make again.

My Swedish husband requested this so I used this recipe. He said it was perfect, just like they make it in Sweden! I omitted the anchovies because he hates them but I am determined to try the recipe with anchovies and see whether or not he notices, haha!

yes taste so great and loving it doing again.....

