As others have suggested, I used Marla's Meatballs & Jessica's Sauce.  Didn't do anything different with the meatballs.  To the sauce, I added 1/2 pint of sour cream, 2 cloves of minced garlic, 1 tsp fresh ground pepper, 2 tbls of creamy horseradish sauce, and fresh mushrooms sauteed in butter (just enough to shed some water).

Put everything in a slow cooker, set on three for 4 hours (Certainly doesn't have to cook that long, it was just easier that way. I put everything together over lunch so it would be ready for dinner).  Served over egg noodles along with French Bread & Ceaser Salad.

These were the best Swedish Meatballs I've ever had.  (That's saying something from a guy who grew up on the Iron Range of Northern MN.)  Thanks Jessica & Marla.  

PS:  I've got the combined recipies along with my additions saved on my computer.  If the original people don't mind, I'll post it as a new recipe under JMJ's (Jessica, Marla & Jimmy's) Swedish Meatballs.

I followed this recipe to a T. It tasted like something was missing from it. My husband absolutely loves swedish meatballs and was not happy with this recipe. I have to say though, the meatballs were ok, the sauce just needed something else.

It was ok

Although it wasn’t bad. It tasted nothing like Swedish meatballs. It definatly need some work.

2-23-2021
made this recipe, added sour cream to sauce, but delious. everyone loved them!

Yes the sauce is missing seasonings and sour cream. So added garlic, onion powder, a lil pepper, and adding 1/2 cup sour cream. I used 2 cans cream of mushrooms and one can cream of chicken. Otherwise it’s a good base to start if you need a guide on making.

Didn't change much, just added some hot sauce and a pinch of salt dash of pepper, delicious. thank you for sharing this recipe

Came out great. I used bread crumbs instead of the Cream of Wheat. 
For the meatballs, I used a combination of ground beef, veal and pork, instead of just beef. 
I also added a tablespoon of Dijon mustard to the meatballs for a little zest. 
For the sauce, I added some fresh sliced mushrooms browned in butter and oil.

Haven't made it yet, but I already love the recipe because it includes a can of cream of mushroom soup; which is what I want. I like the idea of the dry Cream of Wheat, but I would substitute the milk for sour cream; or use less of both.

Easy and Good

I doubled the recipe and everyone loved it! I chose this one because I liked the simplicity of this recipe, but added nutmeg, allspice, black pepper, and a hint of ginger to the meat mix.  I also added nutmeg, allspice, pepper, 8 oz sour cream, and 1/2 c heavy cream to the gravy, and used 1 can cream of chicken, with 2 cans cream of mushroom.  Served over mashed potatoes. This is definitely a new go to recipe for family get togethers!

