Made 2 nut recipes from this site. The glazed nuts and these. Brought both into the office and had a taste test.  These won hands down. Taste just like the candied pecans you get on a salad in a fancy restaurant. Will be taking to parties as host/hostess gifts wrapped in pretty cellophane with a sprig of pine and a bow. Thanks.

I made an initial batch of egg white mixture and it never did get glossy and stiff.  So I threw it away and tried again, thinking some egg yolk was in the first batch.  The second batch, same result.  I was about to give up but I followed through with the rest of the recipe.  The mix didn't look nice at all while cooking but after it cooled - delicious!  I will make this again, even after that bad experience!

RIP beautiful Joannie. You were the BEST baker. These nuts are terrific!

This  was a wonderful recipe! It was very nice and sweet, while not too sweet. Would recommend this one!!

These are awesome and they store well in Tupperware.

Have made this several times and it's always a hit.  I use half pecans and half walnuts.  So good!

I think these will be good.  I am still letting them cool.  I did substitute Swerve sugar substitute for the sugar since I am diabetic and trying to stay very low carb.  They seem a little sticky yet.  I may try them on a larger sheet pan next time.

I am not sure what happened, I followed the recipe exactly but these turned out soggy and greasy. Not impressed.

This is everyone's favorite. I gave jars of these for small office gifts and people put the jar back on my desk with their names on it for refills. It's also my family's favorite too. I make it just as written, many times over. It has been years since I've made it but plan to make them again this year and I buy my pecans in bulk at Costco, it's the most cost effective way to buy them.

Everyone loved this! Very easy. I had too small of a pan, you really need to have the correct size for mixing purposes.

Awesome! I make these every year! Friends and family love them!

