SO GOOD!  This turned out exactly as described.  Creamy on the top and dense on the bottom meaning custard on the top and rice pudding on the bottom!  I tried to capture that in my photo.  This was really tasty.  Too much water was used for cooking the rice so I poured it through a colander after 25 minutes and the rice tasted done.  I did use vanilla bean paste in place of the vanilla extract, and, because I had a large serving of vanilla pudding mix, I increased the recipe by half changing the servings to read 9.  I got almost all of it into my 8 inch square baking dish.  I left out about 1/4 cup so I wouldn't spill it putting it in the oven.  When served, I sprinkled with cinnamon.  Hubby says, "where's the raisins?"   I told him next time.  There will be a next time.   Thank you KOKO48 for sharing!

I made this for a NYE dessert for a gathering of friends, one of which happens to be Swedish.  He said it brought back memories of this childhood.  I had to make a few adjustments due to not finding the smaller box of vanilla pudding but it came out just as described.

This one is a keeper for sure.

So, I made 1 adjustment on accident.... I went to add the pudding mix and realized I only had chocolate, I rolled with it. My only complaint doesn't have anything to do with my added chocolate flavor, it has a very distinctive pudding mix texture mixed in which is not something I really want in a rice pudding. However, my kids love pudding mixes so this is just fine with them.

Perfect! Eggy and sweet by not too much. Serve w while milk or whipped cream and cinnamon. I added raisins before baking.

SO GOOD!  This turned out exactly as described.  Creamy on the top and dense on the bottom meaning custard on the top and rice pudding on the bottom!  I tried to capture that in my photo.  This was really tasty.  Too much water was used for cooking the rice so I poured it through a colander after 25 minutes and the rice tasted done.  I did use vanilla bean paste in place of the vanilla extract, and, because I had a large serving of vanilla pudding mix, I increased the recipe by half changing the servings to read 9.  I got almost all of it into my 8 inch square baking dish.  I left out about 1/4 cup so I wouldn't spill it putting it in the oven.  When served, I sprinkled with cinnamon.  Hubby says, "where's the raisins?"   I told him next time.  There will be a next time.   Thank you KOKO48 for sharing!

So delicious! I will make this again, everyone loved it! The instructions are easy and straightforward.Followed to the tee, the recipe was 5 stars. Consistency was perfect, dense, almost like a bread pudding custard.  

Second time I made this, I added rum-soaked raisins and wow! 6 stars! 

*I have also substituted a package of serve and cook tapioca pudding for the vanilla pudding because that's all I had on hand. I think it will be a permanent change for me!  Highly recommend giving this recipe a try!!

Gosh this is good. I had it warm and cold. Delicious both ways, I topped mine with a few chopped pecans and some pearl sugar

