I am 14 years old and I did make these by myself.  These pancakes are delicious and taste like crepes.  Although I am not Swedish, these are not that hard to make.  The first time I made these I had used a pan but then I had to switch to a griddle  after 1 pancake.  1 batch will provide for 4 people with toppings such as syrup and fruit.  They can be a little hard to flip a first but with little bit of practice you will get the hang of it.
Thanks for the great recipe.

PERFECTION!  My mom's recipe always had melted butter and a thousand steps, and the first pancake never came out (as a rule).  These you just need a bowl and a whisk, and they come out soooo thin and golden, wonderful every time.  Easiest recipe I've EVER tried.  Trust the recipe!!!

Turned out perfect for Mothers’ day.  In addition to following the recipe, I put it together the evening before and let it sit all night in the fridge. I pour the batter into a clean milk jug or orange juice container. That way i can easily pour it into the flat cast iron skillet and can shake it up a little to keep it well mixed between pours.

My mother, a Carlson, second generation from Sweden, used the family recipe.  It was just like this one, except that butter was used instead of oil and no vanilla or sugar in the batter.  We four children and Daddy could keep her busy for two hours on a Saturday morning when we could persuade her to do it.  Daddy liked butter and sugar.  We children liked raspberry preserves or maple syrup.  She made both plate-sized ones and four-inch ones.  At 74, I still make them for my grandchildren.  They're always a hit!

Perfect just the way it is!

Wouldn't change a thing! These were delicious and perfect consistency. One of my boyfriends favorite breakfasts and he said they taste just like how his aunt made them. Enjoy!

I make this recipe a few times a month. Depending on how thin I make the pancakes, we get somewhere between eight and twelve per recipe. I like the pancakes a little thicker (but still less than a millimeter thick) where you can really enjoy the egg-iness. My husband likes them thinner to showcase what's inside. My toddler loves then any which way. We can cut them in thirds and roll them up so they are an easy fist food. I use a cast iron skillet on medium low and do a quick swipe of butter in the pan between pancakes. When mixing the batter, add the dry ingredients first then the milk. Get all the clumps out before mixing in the eggs. I try not to get too much air in the batter when I mix in the eggs since I like a denser consistency but you can play around with this as well if you like your pancakes to be really light.  As a kid we grew up eating the pancakes with a squeeze of lemon and some powdered sugar on top. These days, I tend to do a couple tablespoons of Greek yogurt and some good jam with some fresh berries to compliment. For the toddler we do yogurt and applesauce.  Today as a special treat we switched out the yogurt for ricotta cheese which was so yummy. Like a crepe, you can take these in so many different directions.

It was way to thin and uncookable

Delicious and authentic.   I wanted to try a different recipe from my mother's , just out of interest.   These came out wonderfully.     My tips are:    Use salted (regular) butter for frying, instead of oil.  I think it adds a lot of flavor.  Also add a pat of butter on the pancakes when serving.      If you don't have lingonberry sauce or jam, you can use another.  Strawberry with a squeeze of lemon on top is a perfect combo of sweet and tart.
p.s. The first pancake usually doesn't come out. We call it "the tester".  After that, the pan will be seasoned and they should come out perfectly.

My 11 year old son and l made these and they are absolutely delicious and very easy to make.  We will definitely make these again.

