I've been making these cookies for at least 5 years, and they're my Swedish hubby's favorite.  I follow the recipe exactly, except I refrigerate the dough for 2 hours.  I've never had a problem with my cookie press, but I also make sure that I'm pressing these cookies onto cool cookie sheets.  If you don't have any available, press the next batch onto parchment paper, and slide that onto the warm cookie sheet.  The flavor of these cookies is outstanding, and, as with most spritz cookies, well worth the time and effort!

I agree with Jen 100%. Dough was way, way to soft to press out. Even after dough sat in fridge for over an hour. Lost their shape while baking. I ended up just rolling them into balls. They did smell and taste great. But if you want shapes look for another recipe.

recipe was great. I probably added 20 percent more almonds than the recipe called for. I also used whole almonds which were much less expensive.

This recipe is very tasty, judging by the dough. However, I too found the dough too sticky and soft to press. Unaltered, this recipe may work best using a cookie press with a type of icing tip (instead of the design plates).To make this work with the cookie press design plates, I added 2 1/4 cups flour. This made the consistency perfect but really weakened the flavor. So, if adding more flour, you may want to also add a little more sugar, salt, and extract.I've found that working flour into the dough with my hands is the best way to judge the consistency of the dough. Once my hand comes clean easily, I've gotten a batter just stiff enough to keep shape.To get a finer almond grind, use a mortar and pestle.

Very yummy! I used  almond flour

These were excellent.  I used almond paste that I had on hand and reduced the sugar by a third.  The cookies got even better over time.

Very easy to make and absolutely fantastic taste.  They will definitely be a hit this Christmas.  Tip - I did not keep the dough in the fridge as I found it too hard to dispense out of the cookie press.

These cookies are really delicious.  BUT you must let the flavor develop overnight, it makes all the difference!
Also, don't have a cookie press so I made them like peanut butter cookies with crisscross fork.  Think smaller thinner cookie press type would be even better.

Won't make again. Bland, could not detect the almond flavor. 
Did have proper spritz consistency and a crisp, well shaped cookie:  too bad it was lacking in flavor!
Nancy Smith

I subbed 1/4c brown sugar for white because I ran out, and omitted the milk. I had absolutely no problem with the consistency for the cookie press.  I personally would have preferred more almond extract, I think.  But these are a good chewy cookie.

Great flavor, but  for me I changed the recipe.. using Confectioners sugar instead of white sugar. Still a bit sticky, but refrigerate to dough before using the press. Yum!

