I've made these from a recipe in my trusty Better Homes & Gardens cookbook with the plaid cover. They come out amazing and are sooo tasty. One additional tip: I find it easier to place the handle of a wooden spoon on either side of the potatoes when slicing them to prevent the knife from going too far down. Much easier than using the bowl of a spoon.

I was intriqued by the concept but wasn't very impressed with the outcome.  As others have noted these were on the dry side, and I'm not sure I'm so fond of bread crumbs and Romano cheese on potatoes.  Might consider trying these again without peeling the potatoes, drizzling them with butter and some herbs or seasoning, covering them with foil until nearly done, then uncovering them at the end of the cooking time.

this is my husbands fave way of eating potatoes.. After I made this first for him, I can't tell you how many times he's asked "can you make those H-word tators"

Tried them out staying strictly with the recipe. Great result, very well received by family.

I did a slight variation from this recipe to avoid drying out the potatoes. No bread crumbs or romano cheese. I drizzled with butter that I added some herbs (thyme, oregano, basil - dried or fresh), a dash or 2 of onion & garlic powder. I left the skin on the potatoes. The skin has nutrients and is just as healthy for you as the rest of the potato. Sometimes I sprinkle with half cooked bacon slices between the potato slices, then sprinkle shredded Mexican cheese or just cheddar cheese. I cover the dish for half of the time it is in the oven. This avoids drying out the potatoes. Just before serving, sprinkle with fresh cut green onion or scallions, and a dollop of sour cream.

It was perfect! I’ll definitely cook this for company! I only made one and my potato was a little smaller so I did adjust the cooking time accordingly. But otherwise I followed the recipe as written.  It was delicious!

I have made this for years and this recipe gave me another delicious one. I also have a tip for cutting the potatoes. I use two chopsticks, one on either side of the potato, ensuring I don’t slice all the way through. Since I don’t have to worry about that I can concentrate on making my slices as accurate as possible. The only thing I don’t like about this recipe is it needs more butter. Many of the recipes I have put a small bit of seasoned butter between each slice, the seasoning being salt and and fresh ground pepper. That keeps the slices moist and, of course it leaks out but you just spoon over the potatoes  several times while they cook. Knead the butter with salt and pepper then put it back in the fridge to keep it cold. The amount of butter to put between the slices is about 1/8 of a teaspoon or less.

A good recipe but it is better if small pieces of bacon is included in the final last 10 minutes of cooking with the melted butter and seasoned breadcrumbs.

Easy potato dish. I will try to open up the slashes a bit more next time. Maybe dial potatoes in cold water!?

So yummy! This recipe worked well as a side dish to roast. I would definitely make this again!

Really delicious.  I doubled the butter and  also drizzled on some garlic olive oil.  Then sprinkled on Lawrys season salt, garlic powder and pepper. At the end of 40 min I added shredded parmesan cheese and italian bread crumbs.  I doubled those amounts also.  I used a large metal spoon to hold the potatoes while cutting..  This worked out well.. 
 There were very crispy on the outside and soft inside.  I'll definitely be making these again.

