I live in Sweden,but I am from the States and yes this is a staple in every house. The recipe for chocolate balls is on every package of oatmeal here. The only difference between this recipe and the original is the melted chocolate. These are just as good without the melted chocolate, it is an extra step that you can skip....Or not...  Var så god!

Not one person in my family liked them.  Very disappointing. Two stars for no bake.

So easy to make and also versatile!  First time I made them, I used butter, reducing a bit ...second time just used warm water to form the balls, skipping the fat, it turned just as good in my opinion. Thank you for sharing this yummy recipe!

I added extra chocolate and coconut to the mix. So, so good!

Easy, delicious no-bake cookies. I swapped 1 tbsp of coffee for 1 tbsp. Creme de Cacao liquor, and halved the recipe.

Made this twice! Kids love it. Did not use any sugar or coffee, these are for kids after all! Use a healthy dollop of honey as a natural sweetener. I rolled some in shredded coconut and another batch in chopped cashew for some texture. 

Easy one bowl no-bake healthy snack for the kids!

I  was born in Sweden and let me tell you that these are the must have for holidays,everydays,some days etc... but have you ever tried pearl sugar? it is a must have for these. You roll them in pearl sugar instead of coconut. It balances out the dark coffee and chocolate flavor with a sweet crunch!

Good moisture. I'm glad that they made something Swedish. I have a love for the gorgeous country, and it's reassuring that someone remembered it. The chocolate balls are identical to the ones in Sweden.

yummy - but I'm a bit confused. I used a food processor to chop the oats fine, added the sugar, cocoa, and 1/3 c coconut (to hide from family that claim not to like it). When I added the other ingredients, it was not doughy. So I added more coffee. And more coffee. I'm guessing I added about 1/2c coffee until it became doughy. It easily scooped with a melon baller. Strangely, while we all liked them, none of us thought it tasted much like coffee. Again - yummy! but if you are wanting a lovely chocolate-coffee taste, then you need REALLY STRONG coffee (or use instant, as one person suggested).

These were great and super easy! The oats I got were like Red Mill super chunky so I ended up adding 1/2 c. flour to get the dough to stick together better, but that's probably my fault. My daughter hates chocolate (I know, right?!!) so I modified the recipe and made half of them with butterscotch chips instead of chocolate, and a teaspoon of cinnamon. They are also super delicious!! I can't believe I've never heard of these before, my great grandparents are FROM SWEDEN.

I took out some of the things that i havent used before

