Absolutely terrific. I am Swedish and have been looking for a way to make Kladdkaka on my own. This is it. I only had a 9" glass pie plate (rather than 8" as the recipe calls for) and it worked perfectly. You get a crisp/gooey crust and a sticky, moist inside. Note that the top will sort of collapse and crack as the cake cools. This is normal and authentic! Also, you must let it cool completely or it will just seem runny. Most importantly, for those of you who felt the cake was too liquid: it is all about how you mix the batter. Beat the egg/sugar mixture for a good 5 mns with an electric beater. But stir just a little with a spoon when you mix in the flour mixture and the butter. A total of 30 strokes should do it and it should be by hand. This way, you'll get just the right consistency. Awesome with a bit of freshly whipped cream and a cup of coffee.

I followed the instructions exactly as written and it did not turn out.  I cooked it until the top was way more than "just set" and it was still raw on the inside.  It also stuck to the pie plate really bad even though I greased it.  It might need to be buttered and floured or something.  I tasted a little bit that got cooked and it was pretty good.  I doubt I'll make this again though, I would rather just make brownies.  Thanks anyway.

Delving into my ancestry, I decided to make it for Christmas this year. I uses the suggestions in the review by Northstar below and it turned out perfectly. It tastes and smells delicious.

This a great recipe, I've made it a total of 5 times now.  Number 4 and 5 were done right before writing this... ;-)I ran into a recipe about brownies and using "Caster/castor" sugar and decided to use that instead of regular sugar.  I just ran the 1 and 1/3 cup in a food processor until it was ground down further...The top crackling was easier to achieve than before....I have to admit that I ate the whole pan on baking #3 ;-) and then promised some to my co-workers so #4-#5 today....I just wanted to thank you for introducing to this recipe... ;-)

This is probably the easiest recipe to make. I picked this b/c I had everything on hand and it was last minute. I followed the recipe and cooked it about 5 mins longer in my oven... this was absolutely delicious!!! Tastes like a brownie cake and I love how it's sticky... I'll be making this all the time now!!!

ok

It turned out simply amazing! I used to live in Ystad (a town in sweden that you simply HAVE to visit) and my elderly neighbour used to make me this almost every time I went over. After she died a few years back my mom has tried making it but it just never tasted right. We then moved to Stockholm and I had a few friends over for a sleepover and we tried this recipe out and it worked amazingly! Though I had the one my neighbour made around 5 years ago (and let's face it I was 9) every time I eat it I get reminded of her. It's kind of a cross between a lava cake and a brownie (yeah we have food in sweden) and if these words aren't enough to get you to start cooking I don't know what is. Highly recommended. Good luck!

I did some math and scaled the recipe up for a 9x13 pan (multiply quantities by 2.33, or about 18.6 servings). I am a Sweaboo so I wanted to make a Swedish dessert since I'm a great baker. I want to give this 10 stars. 10 stjärnor. This is literally the most delicious thing that has ever been in my mouth in my last 23.5 years of existence. I paired it with some lingonberry jam I got from IKEA and some vanilla ice cream. My mind gets blown about once a year. It is very rare I am in shock from how amazing something is. I froze for about an entire moment as I ascended to the stars and met the Norse god of baking themself. I am in LOVE. This is LITERALLY the most delicious thing I have EVER eaten.

Love this recipe, I have made this before and it tastes the same! I cooked it for a little longer than the suggested time

It was delicious!! I cooked it a little longer than I wish I had. So it turned out to be a lot like brownies.

no changes and have already made it 3 times

