Thank you so much for a smaller (1 loaf instead of 3) and quick version of my great-great-aunt's "Vetebrod" (umlout omitted, as I don't know how to type it )! To keep the temperature consistant for the dough to rise, I've found that if you turn on the oven to 400 degrees for 1 minute, then turn it off and put the bread in immediately (covered with a clean, lint free cloth) and allow it to sit for 1 hour. It keeps the temp more consistant in my draftly kitchen. :) I think the crust was a little tougher than normal this way (but still good) and I had to add a little flour during the knead cycle to keep it from sticking to the sides of the bread machine. If you can't find pearl sugar, regular granulated works well. A quick heads up for anyone who has not purchased Cardamom before - it's expensive and can be difficult to find. Only one local store here (it's a small town) carries it ground (Spice Islands) at $11.99 for a jar. Keep in mind that ground loses it's potency once opened, so keep the jar TIGHTLY closed for it's next use. Thanks again for the recipe!!

I've been looking for a cardamom bread recipe for a while and thought this was going to be it.  I'm not sure what happened, but this is not what I was expecting.  I found 3 tsp of cardamom to be way too strong (there's a reason most other recipes call for 1/2 - 1 tsp) for this small loaf and the pearl sugar is too coarse for a topping.  I'm a fan of spice but it was just overpowering and not at all like a bread, but more of a dense, spice cake.

My family loved this bread.  It was 2/3 gone 20 minutes after taking out of oven.  We could tell there was a spice added but it was very subtle.  I may try again and add more cardamom.  Also, I didn’t have pearl sugar and didn’t want to wait so I possibly went overboard sprinkling with granulated sugar!  Hahaha. Pearl sugar is on the list for next time. Good recipe

So delicious!  I made this the whole Christmas season and nearly wore out my trusty thrift shop bread machine!  For authenticity, use the fresh-ground cardamom - use less if you’re not sure cardamom is for you - and the pearl sugar.  But there are no baking police, so make it your own!  For the second rise, I put the shaped loaf into my microwave, where it’s generally warmer in winter  and draft-free, and let it rise for around 45 mins, until it’s nice and puffy (totally depends on how active the yeast is).  I hope you enjoy this recipe as much as we do - I’ve replaced my previous recipe we love it so much!

Delicious.  This bread is slightly sweet, with a soft center and crisp crust.  Tip: save the egg white from the egg yolk you put in the bread and use it (instead of 2 additional egg whites) to eggwash your bread.  I didn't need two egg whites.

Overall, very easy and quick yeast bread to make with a good result.  Braided breads like this also present well.

We have so many Swedish Foods that are sweet...my family appreciates a BREAD like this instead of sticky sweet breakfast coffeecake on Christmas morning. The cardamom flavor is perfect. I do put thin-sliced almonds on top.

This is very close to the coffee bread we used to get from the Swedish bakery in Chicago.  I found that bread flour seems to work better than all purpose flour.  Also, to prevent it from getting too dark, I cover with foil half way through baking.  Yummy stuff!

Really easy to make and yummy to eat. Love the cardamom taste!

Very easy, time saver from doing it the way my mom did when I was a child.  Love cardamom flavor!

I made this recipe entirely in my breadmaker. It turned out perfectly! I will definitely be making it again. Thank you for sharing! Perfect amount of cardamom, too!

like several people here, I subbed a mix of spices instead of cardamom because I didn't have any. I'm sure with cardamom it's divine, but I'm really impressed with the texture of this bread. it's soft and fluffy and totally addictive. great presentation as well. I let mine rise a long time...a few hours... since my kitchen was kind of chilly, then lightly heated it in an open oven set on low for a few minutes to really ramp up the yeast. it rose beautifully when baking as well. perfect recipe. I think this will be my new go-to for sweet bread.

