I have made this for years.  Note:  If you need more you must make two  separate batches.  You can not double the recipe as  it won't set properly.  ENJOY!

Really don't recognize this dessert in any of my Swedish cookbooks. It reminds me more of that Italian dessert Panna Cotta or other Vanilla Pudding wich I love, serves perfectly after dinner with fresh berries and chocolate flakes on top. But Swedish? Doubtfully.

I had this when we lived in Sweden, however it was made by an American.   The lingonberries definitely made it Swedish to me.  Easy to make, flavoring / berries can be changed, and it's lovely.

didn't make any changes and it was a bit firmer than I remembered it - perhaps I cooked it a bit too much. Still a hit!

Delicious! I did change the sugar amount to 3/4 cup, though.

Wow! What a delicious take on dessert. It's a nice break from the heavier cakes and pies that are typical for dessert. I did sub fresh blueberries and raspberries for the lingonberries, only because my store didn't offer the lingonberries. Also, I doubled the extracts as that is how my family always prefers the use of the extracts. While it was still super delicious, the vanilla and almond were right on the edge of being too much. While my family loved the stronger flavor, many people won't. I would recommend NOT to follow in my footsteps on that. The beauty of this desert is the subtlety of it, and the author of this recipe mastered it. Don't tweak as I did.

I had to try it again, but it received rave reviews!

This dessert is a staple at one of the ski lodges in the north shore of Lake Superior. This recipe tastes just how I remember it. Delicious and so easy to make. It's wonderful with tart berries.

This is so easy and simple. I always make this at Christmas. I do put it in individual dishes so each person has a treat of their own

Really don't recognize this dessert in any of my Swedish cookbooks. It reminds me more of that Italian dessert Panna Cotta or other Vanilla Pudding wich I love, serves perfectly after dinner with fresh berries and chocolate flakes on top. But Swedish? Doubtfully.

I have made this for years.  Note:  If you need more you must make two  separate batches.  You can not double the recipe as  it won't set properly.  ENJOY!

