This recipe is right on, except I don't add any water, and zest the entire orange.  I also found out that most people don't like any almonds in their cup!  They do like a few raisins!
Merry Christmas!!!!

What the heck is muscatel? No matter.  After a little research, I substituted Beaujolais for it and it comes out perfectly. Just like being in Scandinavia at Christmas.?

I served this for a Christmas party with my girlfriends, and it was a big hit! It's delicious and warms your entire body as it goes down. The spices are so nummy. This Scandi is going to be serving it every Christmas!

I've made this a dozen times now and clearly love it.  it has become a mainstay in our home at the holidays.  It's an inexpensive, delicious drink to have at holiday cocktail parties and each time I've served it, I have requests for the recipe.

I make this every year for Christmas and we love it! I make some tweaks to fit my taste (sweet!) like using Moscato white wine and only 1/2 cup brandy but it’s a versatile recipe. Perfect to walk in the cold and look at Christmas lights with!

wonderful!
I served this on Christmas day.  Yummy.  I forgot to make the syrup a day ahead of time and it was still delicious.  Just as an FYI it's pronounced "gloog" in swedish.

We had this for a party door opener drink! Just didn't add the raisins and almonds.

We made this for a Christmas treat.  It was an instant hit with "yumms" "oh wow!" and smiles all around.  This will be a treasured part of our family holiday celebration from now on.  I grew up on bottled "Glogg" but there is no comparison.  This is lighter and sweeter with wonderful balance in the spices.  I followed the recipe exactly the first time.  After we quickly consumed the first batch, I tried to "wing" it and added too much brandy.  The original recipe is just right.  Thank you for adding the recipe and helping to start a new holiday tradition in our family!

This recipe is right on, except I don't add any water, and zest the entire orange.  I also found out that most people don't like any almonds in their cup!  They do like a few raisins!
Merry Christmas!!!!

