This dish tastes so good, it's almost illegal! I did the potatoes in the microwave after peeling them -- 3 large at 5 minutes high (I scaled down) and then put them in cold water to cool. I didn't have Swiss cheese so I used mozerella and it turned out divine!

I'm an American who has moved to Switzerland to live with my fiancé and I lived here for almost 3 years now so I do know how to make TRUE Swiss 
Rösti. Although this recipe is close the Swiss use Gruyére cheese in their Rösti, it's delicious!! This cheese is most popular in Switzerland. You can buy this cheese in America, but it might not be easy to find and is on the expensive side (in America) but it's worth it!

This tasted really good. However, mine didn't look so good. I'm not familiar with making this recipe or any kind of shredded hashbrowns. I wish some more instruction had been given on amount of time for browning and how to flip it without falling apart.

Just got back from Switzerland.  This is just like what I had, I used shredded potatoes in the dairy case.  Worked just as well.  Cheese in the middle and cheese on top after flipped.

Excellent results! Beautiful crisp, golden crust, fluffy potato, melting cheese, little hits of pepper where it was sprinkled in the layers. I skipped the water, and covered the pan during the first phase of cooking and the potatoes were still fluffy and cooked. Also, I used less butter than mentioned, and had only three layers of potato, two of cheese. The recipe needs to specify that  enough potato should be reserved for  a topmost layer, so that when we flip the rosti to cook the other side, the cheese does not stick to the pan. It is easier to flip it by placing a plate upside down over it, upending the rosti into it, then sliding the rosti back into the pan, so that the uncooked side is now bottom and can get nicely browned.

Have not made Rosti using this recipe exactly, but the recipe is pretty standard across the board. Just some tips for people just starting out. 

Cook the potatoes beforehand and allow them to cool before you grate them and grate with larger holes. Usually its best to leave them for a while in the fridge. Also, the recipe calls for a little water on the top layer, replace that with a little milk/cream (on both sides). 

Also for a little extra flavour, saute onions in the butter first, than mix in the potatoes. Also trying to flip it with a spatula will make your rosti fall apart unless its particularly small and/or held together with superglue. Get a large flat plate, and use it to flip the rosti from pan to plate and back to pan.

As for cheese, it will taste good with anything, so that matters more on budget than anything else.

It turned out to be so delicious. I added black olives, oregano and chilli flakes to spice it up a little as my family is a spice freak. Loved it! Thanks!!

Made a version of this with reduced servings(3).Grated 3 spuds 1/2 cup grated parmesan ,1/2 tsp garlic powder salt and pepper to taste. Also added 1 egg to bind it.  Added2 tbsps water as well. Turned the uncooked grated potatoes into cast iron pan that I oiled with 2T olive oil. Covered the pan and it is cooking as I type. So far so good :)
Turned out not too badly. Needs a little more tweeking

My 13 yr. old son found this authentic french recipe for his French II class. We followed the recipe except we used 4 potatoes. We grated the potatoes when cool, added some black pepper and salt, then refrigerated overnight. I finished making it in the morning so it was warm for the class. I put a layer of potatoes, then cheese (6 oz), then a top layer of the remaining potatoes. Another recipe said to flatten the potatoes in the pan which helped a lot when it was time to flip. I used a 12 in nonstick pan. A spatula wouldn't have worked. I used a flat stone pizza pan, placed it on top of the nonstick pan and flipped the rosti onto the stone then slid it back into the nonstick pan to brown the other side. I think the rosti would have fallen apart if I didn't do it this way. It was also nice to have the cheese in the middle to help hold it all together.
The class loved the rosti. My son won first place! My husband wants it for his birthday breakfast next week!

This was a super yummy side dish!  I peeled and microwaved my potatoes for a few minutes, then grated.  I lightly oiled a pan, layered on some potato, some grated mozzarella, salt and pepper, garlic powder and Italian seasoning, topped with some more potatoes and the seasonings.  I fried it until it covered, didn't need any water or extra butter.  When it was browned and crispy on the bottom, I cut it in half and flipped it (easier than flipping it whole).  When it was browned and crispy...I served it with a dollop of sour cream.  Will be making this one often!

Tasty.  I used frozen shredded hash brown potatoes and Dubliner cheese.  The crispy bits are delicious, especially where the cheese had seeped through and was browned and toasted.

