i loved this recipe so much that the cake isn't completely finished, and i'm about to make another. and another thing i love about it, is that there is no oil, butter, or shortening in it. but i did find it just a bit too lemon-y.

Tasty cake, but does tend to stick! Very good with the addition of flake coconut. 

Be warned however that I found the statement "no added fat besides what's naturally contained in the eggs" to be misleading: the 1 cup of ground almonds is going to add what you may see as significant, albeit "good", fat in this recipe.

My Swiss husband joking asked for a Swiss carrot cake for his birthday - very different from the "American" version.  This was it!  Easy and delicious.  Even my children asked for seconds.  In fact, my husband has asked me to make it again - that never happens.  Reminds him of his mom's.  Thank you.

This recipe makes a rather small cake, but it’s really, really delicious. It’s not overly sweet, and the lemon really brings out a more satisfying flavor than you’ll get out of a box mix. We ended up using cream cheese icing, and it was a match made in heaven. It lasts more than six months in the freezer, retaining a good texture and flavor when thawed. It’s a great cake to bake then freeze for an occasional snack if you’re the only one eating it.

This cake came out pretty bad. I thought the recope looks funny, only having a 1/4 cup flour. It came out like a carrot tart...not a carrot cake!

smells delicious, but yes it did turn out thin. may be due to my lack of experience in beating the egg whites. fyi for anyone else, the eggs should be room temp. & any tiny amount of yolk in the whites will mess things up. from what i read getting them stiff should take about 3 - 5 mins. and need to be folded in immediately. will rate tomorrow after tasting. good luck.

Very good cake and very esy to make. I am a beginner.

I'm from the Canton Aargau myself and I gotta say this is the real deal. In Swiss German we call it Aargauer Rueblitorte.  It is true, we are very famous for the carrots we grow :)

Highly reccommended. Created cake as per receipe. Chose not to ice - just dusted with icing sugar. Found that it was sweet with a distinct carrot flavour and not too oily as traditional carrot cakes can be.

As advertised, moist, delicious and light!  And obviously, one look at the recipe tells you this is not what we're accustomed to calling carrot cake, so you do have to toss out those preconceived notions about carrot cake to rate this appropriately.  I knew I wanted to use a glaze on it, so I took the advice of other reviewers and reduced the sugar to 1/2 cup.  To be honest, if I was going glaze-less, this would not have been sweet enough for me, and the glaze proved to make it (almost) too sweet for my tastes.  So! Next time, I'll follow the cake recipe exactly, and maybe just dust with powdered sugar for effect.  I liked the almonds, but I might try using ground walnuts next time instead - I think they'd go better (maybe preconceived notions of carrot cake, but it sounds like a good idea to me!).  Thanks for sharing this unique and tasty recipe, Corwynn!

I liked this cake a lot.  It is very different from the carrot cake I'm used to but it's good. Had a nice crisp texture on the outside but was moist on the inside.  I added a sprinkle of nutmeg, used 1/3 c sugar, and didn't use the frosting (made it for my 1 year old).  It was a good sneaky way to get in those carrots!

