I like this lighter version of a Mexican lasagna, people that would like it full fat should not be harsh on the cook that gave this recipe, just make it your way, really liked the dish, thank-you to the cook, I'm proud of you for sticking to your style.

Why use low-fat on this dish? Use what tastes good and enjoy a smaller portion. I have made this dish for years (called it "stacked Enchiladas")using beef or pulled pork, green enchilada sauce or red but I never compromised flavor for low-fat.

Daughter and I liked it but husband thought it was too mushy. I added fresh cilantro and black olives to the top

What a great recipe.  I used leftover chicken breast instead of the ground turkey, mixed it with the sour cream, refried beans and diced chiles with a touch of enchilada sauce and Chulula hot sauce. Then layered this combo with the tortillas, cheese and enchilada sauce.  It was quick and easy and tasted great!

So good!! I used leftover shredded chicken mixed with salsa and taco seasoning instead of ground turkey. I also used full fat sound cream. Delicious!

Always looking for and finding great Tex-Amex casseroles

This was very good!  I made a couple modifications only based on what I had on hand.  For the enchilada sauce I used one can red and one can green sauce, stirred them together then proceeded with the recipe.  I didn't have sour cream but did have plain Greek yogurt, so I used it.   I also used the small street taco corn tortillas by Mission.  They held their texture nicely during baking (didn't get mushy) and made the servings easy to cut.  I froze half of this because it was way too much for two people.  If I find it doesn't do well in the freezer, next time I will halve the recipe.

Looked and tasted very sloppy. Won’t make again.

I  made this with regular refried beans and found it plenty spicy. Very tasty casserole.

It's a favorite of our family.

i didn't have a taco seasoning packet so I used a jar of salsa and some mexican spices i had on hand.  It was delicious.  My husband loved it and has requested it again;) I would love to try it with whole black beans next time too but the refried were great.  It just had a great flavor. We ate it for breakfast with eggs the next morning!

