Very rich and very delicious! I did personalize this recipe a bit. I used cheddar and pepper jack cheeses, which I also placed inside the enchilada. Also, instead of the cream of chicken soup, I used condensed bean and bacon soup, merely because we like the flavor with this dish, and for a little extra zip, I added some taco seasoning to the soup mixture. Thanks!

Needs more seasoning. Will have to try some different things next time. The muenster and colby was awesome.

It was pretty good, but EXTREMELY cheesy. I could not eat too much of this in one sitting. I added half an onion, and I would add corn as well. I cut down the cream of chicken to 1/3, and it was still quite liquid. However, the cheeses did blend well together and I would make this again; just not too frequently.

Just made these they are super simple to make LOTS of flavor I used a rotisserie chicken.  My family and friends really liked them, I will keep this recipe and use it again.

I've made a dish similar to this for years.  I usually use only one can of cream of chicken soup, along with green chile enchilada sauce, add ortega chiles, sour cream, onions and cheese (cheddar).  I mix it all together with the chicken and then fill the tortillas and roll them up.  Top it with the chicken mixture and cheese.  Similar, and great!

My roommate and I are trying to learn how to cook. This was really amazing. We made some changes though. We bought frozen chicken breast and boiled it for approx 20 min, maybe a lil more w/ some salt. We then shredded the chicken by hand and marinated it in some Tapatio hot sauce. We added Rotel tomatoes to the sauce. We replaced the cheeses with shredded pepper jack and some finely shredded fiesta blend (still 8 oz of each), because muenster cheese has a very high saturated fat content. And we used flour tortillas instead of corn. We served it over Spanish rice that we cooked in my rice maker. We ate leftover enchiladas for days. Amazing every time.

This is now the go-to chicken enchilada recipe for our family!  I modified it by replacing one can of soup with a jar of salsa verde or green enchilada sauce.  I also cut the sour cream half and half with Greek yogurt to save on the fat content, and instead of the Muenster and Colby, I use the same amount of Costco shredded Mexican cheese blend.  I reduced the cooking time by about 5 minutes to prevent the tortillas on the bottom from getting tough.  Tastes great served with mango salsa and/or a dollop of sour cream or Greek yogurt.

This was just too soupy and salty for me.  I will go back to my other enchilada recipe.

I changed this up a little and added 1 can of corn to the mixture. Also removed the on top...but it is a family favorite in this house!

I did not care for this recipe! I feel bad because it made so much and now my husband will be eating it for the next 3 days. I think the worst part is, like others said, is how soupy it is. There is virtually no flavor in this besides tasting cream of chicken soup. It basically takes like your just eating cream of chicken. Will never make again.

These are the GREATEST enchiladas I have ever had! Better than any I have gotten in a restaurant! I did substitute some of the cream of chicken for a can of green chile enchilada sauce and I mixed my green onions in with my sauce so I would not scare off my children with all the green! Wonderful recipe!

