Great recipe!!! I doubled most of  it as there are 4 members in my family. I cut in half the paprika and the cayenne pepper just because my kids don't eat very spicy food. I didn't double the dressing considering is more than enough for 4 people. The combination of all the ingredients is very tasty and the dressing adds a nice touch. A perfect recipe to feed a crowd as most of the ingredients can be ready before your event and just grill the meat at the last minute, put everything in a bowl and ready!

Fantastic recipe! My family loved it!

i made substitutions due to dietary (non-dialysis Kidney and Diabetes friendly) and needs like swapping half the black beans for corn and half the tomato for julienne'd roasted red peppers. And swapping out a half'n'half combo of Havarti and Cheddar for the Cotija, which is not easy to find in Canada and is also much higher in Sodium. 

I did not serve any carbohydrates other than the rice (NO Tortillas or Tortilla chips), also dietary. Didn't miss them at all.  Also I served my hubbies with Avocado slices on the plate as he's not fond of Guacamole, which is what the dressing basically is. He simply used Salsa as a dressing.
I found this meal to be enough for three or even 4 people.  It was spicy with the Jalapenos but was otherwise a little bland. Next time I am going to double the Steak spice and add some to the Guac. or or just to some cilantro sour cream. 
BUT I did the steak exactly as written and it was OUTSTANDING!PS, the left overs the next day made a FANTASTIC WRAP on Tomato tortilla!

Great recipe!!! I doubled most of  it as there are 4 members in my family. I cut in half the paprika and the cayenne pepper just because my kids don't eat very spicy food. I didn't double the dressing considering is more than enough for 4 people. The combination of all the ingredients is very tasty and the dressing adds a nice touch. A perfect recipe to feed a crowd as most of the ingredients can be ready before your event and just grill the meat at the last minute, put everything in a bowl and ready!

