I thought this was a great quick base recipe. I made it as specified, but used a can of diced tomatoes with habaneros. After I tasted the finished product, I added a bit more salt, a bit of hot sauce, and some garlic and onion powder and a couple sprays of faux butter spray to keep it moist and it was a nice accompaniment to our tacos.

I did nto care for this recipe.

Awesome !!!

Easy and turned out fine.

Pretty easy and tasty.  Next time I will add a little more broth or water.  I had this down as low as burner would go and had a small area that scorched, but rice was not cooked yet.  Added a bit more water, let it cook a bit longer and it came out fine

This is a good, and more importantly, very easy recipe. It's not as good as classically prepared Spanish rice, but it's good to have a brown rice alternative. You can doctor it up any way you want - I add a little cheese at the end, bacon bits would be good, maybe some green onions. But, even simply as-is, this is a solid recipe.

Wonderful base. I really enjoyed it. My husband ate and ate and ate. I added bell peppers, green onions, garlic and Chile. It turned out wonderful thank you!

I used "Sunbrown Calrose" Brown rice, a particularly high in protein, a whopping 3 g/serving @160 cal that's pretty good in my books! But it is tricky to cook.... I'm using the small B&D Rice Cooker for the first time using their directions, which say 48-60 min till tender.... I also used 28 oz can of diced tomatoes to about 2 oz of chicken broth, and a pat of butter; I added half a medium sized onion, finely chopped, 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped; 1 tsp paprika; 1 tsp Italian spice; 1 tsp Mrs Dash Garlic & Herb; 1 tsp Creole spice..... We'll see how it turns out & how it tastes!

Made this recipe yesterday, but I had to double it because I make a weeks worth of meals ahead of time. So yummy! That being said, after an hour of simmering the rice, it still had a hint of crunch to it but the chicken broth was all evaporated/soaked up. Next time I will try adding about 4 more ounces of broth and simmering a bit longer. Really love the flavor though! And that the recipe uses brown rice - finally!!!!

This was a great low cal alternative to Mexican rice

Wanted to use brown rice to make a Mexican side dish so started with this.  I only had plain canned tomatoes so sautéed a jalepeno and garlic clove before adding them and chicken stock.  I also added a teaspoon of cumin and a teaspoon of good chili powder to kick it up a notch ~ delicious!  Thanks for a great basic recipe.

