Fantastic!  I did tweak it though by reducing the amount of chili powder, and also adding in ground coriander.  I also have an allergy to onions, so it is rare to find ANY salsa that is made w/o onions. Thanks so much!

This is a very tasty salsa recipe. The roasted pepper adds depth, and a nice smoky flavour.

I used fresh cilantro instead of buying dried which I would never use up.   Besides, fresh is almost always better.  My wife has a problem with onions so this was a great way to make Salsa Verde without it.  Easy and quick.

This is the first no onion salsa recipe I've found (my hubby is allergic too), and it turned out alright. I had to use a mild pepper due to what was available and I only used about 2 tbsp of cilantro as to not overpower the overall flavor. Only complaint is that it was kind of watery due to the tomatoes, but I will definitely be using this recipe again as a basic guideline for onionless salsa.

The instructions are a little bit vague, so here is what I did. I sprayed a sheet pan with Pam and placed the pepper and six cloves of garlic on it. I figured that some of the garlic could get too burned during the broiling process, so I put a few extra in in case some got ruined (& they did). I kept in the oven at broil which is 550 degrees for 12 minutes, turning after five minutes, then five more minutes, turning, and taking out after two more minutes.  I let everything cool, cut the stem from the pepper, then added everything to the food processor as directed. I used five rather large tomatoes and my salsa is very red colored, not green like in the photo at all. The taste is quite bland. I agree with the other reviewer who said it needs salt. I added about a half a teaspoon but there is still something missing. I might add a bit of olive oil, maybe a vinegar, jalapeño, and see where it goes from there. Good luck.

This is a fantastic addition to my fridge. I am intolerant to onions, but have just found out in my mid 30s. I've been struggling a bit adjusting to life without onions, but this recipe has made me feel better.  I have made a larger batch for a complement to meats. I also swapped the chilli powder for one chilli per 2 peppers.  I also find it matures perfectly in the fridge and has the best consistently after 2 days.  Thank you for sharing.

This delicious salsa would not only be perfect for a dip but it would also brighten up meats, fish, soups and more! The roasted pepper adds a nice smoky flavor with subtle heat in the background.

This is awesome! My mom is allergic to onions and I am sensitive to them so I made this to use in a recipe for lime cilantro chicken tacos - oh, my YUM!

this is a great recipe my son has allierg too so this recipes is great my son love it, thank you

Fantastic!  I did tweak it though by reducing the amount of chili powder, and also adding in ground coriander.  I also have an allergy to onions, so it is rare to find ANY salsa that is made w/o onions. Thanks so much!

Didn't have but 1/4 cup of cilantro,and it was still wonderful.  Awesome and fresh!

