If you follow the recipe - I'd say 3 stars.  The initial recipe is a good start, but I thought it was bland.  It was spicy, but lacked taste.  I added more vinegar (didn't measure, probably ~3-4T), cumin (~2T), and the rest of the package of cilantro (I ended up using a whole package from the store), and 2 cloves of garlic.  Finally I substituted olive oil (that I had sitting for about a month or so with red peppers and seeds in it).  Overall, it turned out excellent, everyone liked it.  I think adding cumin makes a big difference in making this a southwest-like slaw.

I could not taste anything but the cayenne pepper.  I would recommend half of the cayenne.  Some of my guests truly loved this recipe but others truly hated...

This is my favorite slaw recipe, goes great on pulled pork or Mexican food. I love it by itself too..

Nice change.  I used about 1/2 the cayenne and that was spicy enough for me.  Also 1/2 the amount of vinegar instead used fresh lime juice.  Other than spicy it was a little plain.  May try some cumin and garlic next time.  Overall I will make again.

5 stars for sure.  I have made several times.  Best salad ever very delicious easy to make, very versatile use in wraps, tacos, sandwiches.  Great for flavor and adds that crunch.  We like to make pulled pork, I put a pile of salad on plate and top with pulled pork.

One of my absolute favorite salad sides!  Goes great in fish tacos or as a side with beef, pork OR chicken!  Especially if you are grilling!

OMG!  This was so much better than I expected!  The only thing I changed was to add one more tablespoon of vinegar, other than that I followed the recipe.  Was such a nice addition to my Mexican dinner!

Pretty darn good!

AMAZING!!!!  I added mango like others.  Also used red onion instead of white.  Great with carnitas tacos!

Nice slaw when you don't want to use mayonnaise. Noticed people like putting it on their tacos.

This was a big hit. Did a Mexican themed meal. White chicken and chili, cornbread and wanted a refreshing salad. This was perfect. Enjoyed by all

