This is by far the easiest cake I've ever made.  It's quick and delicious and makes a great birthday cake for an adult.  I reccomend it to any one as long as you like coffee.

What a disappointment.  Thought the cake tasted like cardboard and the glaze was like gum.  Fed it to the garbage disposal

I loved making this recipe. I did multiply by 4 and then for the almonds, I found that I only had shaved almonds on hand and only about half of what the recipe called for. I dark roasted the almonds, which can be tricky when they are shaved if you are not giving them your full attention, then put them through the food processor and right into the glaze. I worked remarkably well. I also made cupcakes rather than a pan cake. I found this to be an exceptional recipe that absolutely exploded with delicious flavors and the cake was so moist. This has already become one of my "go to" desserts.

I decided this would make a pretty fun cupcakes for a dinner party. I used strong brewed coffee instead of water and instant coffee... dipped them into the warm glaze and sprinkled cinnamon sugar toasted almonds on top instead of folding them in. Be sure not to overcook to keep them moist! They taste just like Mexican Hot Cocoa! And are pretty too!

Pretty good.  It did take little longer to bake and came out a tiny bit dry.  Also, I used double the butter and not even a quarter of the powdered sugar for the glaze or it would have come out way too thick.  I added colored sprinkles and kids loved it!

I made this thinking it would satisfy my craving for chocolate and coffee.  The cake for me just wasn't a good combo of flavors.  It took not 15-20 minutes to bake but 35.  It was moist!   I followed the recipe as it was because i feel we are to rate/ review the recipes as they are.  Not one of my favorites

I found this cake to be somewhat dry despite all the oil that is in it. The glaze was very pasty and unappetizing.

Took a chance and served this at a dinner party for twenty people without actually trying it first. It's great as is, best warm. I served it with a scoop of premium vanilla ice cream and sprinkled a little cinnamon sugar on top, toasted almonds, too (if you like).  Everyone loved it !!!  Husband says you can make that one again!

A big hit the first time I made it for a Mexican potluck at my office...so I'm making it again for a Mexican Thanksgiving Potluck. A definite success!

Pretty good, not chocolatey enough for my family though. I didnt have a 10x15 pan so used a 9x13, it took about 5 min. longer to bake. I used egg substitute, fat free sweetened condensed milk and replaced the 1 c margarine with 1/2 cup butter and half cup unsweetened applesauce in the cake recipe.  The glaze was yummy!

This comfort cake stirred happy memories in several folks at the church supper.

