My husband and 2 year old son loved this. I did too. I changed a couple things.  I added diced onion and instead of onion powder I used taco seasoning. I also used garlic salt instead of regular salt.  And I too, drained the tomatoes.  I will be adding this to my favorites.

Except for the chile peppers in the tomatoes, I don't see how this recipe constituted Tex Mex without the seasonings so I added cumin and chili powder to the mix. I normally use bread crumbs in my meatloaf, however, in this case I used finely crushed tortilla chips. I made an enchilada sauce for the top of the loaf and instead of American cheese, I shredded cheddar cheese and used it as a filling rather than on top. With these few changes, it turned out really well.

I cut the pepper in half and it was still WAY too overpowering, 1 tablespoon has GOT to be a typo. Won't make this again.

Greetings, I added sun-dried tomatoes, cilentro, and cornmeal (instead of bread) in and on top for a "crusty" topping. A little bit of quality hot sauce helps but use a hot sauce that has less vinegar in it's ingrediant's.  The vinegar takes away from the flavor of the pepper sauce in the meat. Not much hot sauce for this recipe is about flavor, NOT heat!

This was really good, had a kick too!

my husband & 3 year old LOVED this meatloaf, it was the best ive ever made ... instead of ground beef i used ground sorloin , and i drained the rotel tomatoes becuz i was afriad it would be to mushy...it came out perfect!! next time instead of mild rotel i will be using hot rotel for a little more spice, other than that LOVED IT!!!! will be making it again.

good after a few additions.  I added 1 Tbs of Tex Mex seasoning, fresh cilantro, a clove of garlic, and bread crumbs.  I will use less pepper next time.

Took the basic idea and ran with it, according to what I had on hand... 1 lb ground beef / 1 egg / 1 - 7 oz can Salsa Mexicana / 2 tbs Penzey's Taco Seasoning / handful of RITZ Crackers / handful of "Taco Blend" Cheese / A pour of mild enchilada sauce.  Mixed all together, shaped and poured more enchilada sauce on top.  Baked at 350 for just under an hour, and topped each serving with even more enchilada sauce.

We make this every other week.  I use Rotel Tomatos, mild or spicy depending on how spicy I want it.  I do add a Tablespoon of taco seasoning to make this more mexican style.  I wait until the last 10 minutes to add shredded chedder cheese and I leave out the onion due to an allergy.  It is super easy to make and delicious to eat.

This was pretty good, although my 12 year old daughter wasn't a big fan. I cut the pepper as recommended, but it was still pretty spicy. I probably won't try it again.

Except for the chile peppers in the tomatoes, I don't see how this recipe constituted Tex Mex without the seasonings so I added cumin and chili powder to the mix. I normally use bread crumbs in my meatloaf, however, in this case I used finely crushed tortilla chips. I made an enchilada sauce for the top of the loaf and instead of American cheese, I shredded cheddar cheese and used it as a filling rather than on top. With these few changes, it turned out really well.

