I've never been able to find andouille or maybe I've never looked hard enough, so I used polska kielbasa, but kept everything as the recipe stated. We all enjoyed these, they smelled very good while they were cooking. I topped with lettuce, tomatoe, jalapeno with salsa and sour cream on the side.

Really tasty with fresh garden poblano peppers and onions. I didn’t add red pepper and made rice for the side dishTo flip it are used a plate on top of it flipped it and then slid it back in the pan. Easy Peezy I usually make something like this with pulled pork.

Made this while camping/RV'ing on our blackstone grill and it was amazing! And maybe even better was the bit of filling we had leftover to put in eggs the next morning to make breakfast burritos. This will be a regular in our RV cookbook. Think I'll try with Monterey Jack cheese next time but was still great with cheddar.

Wonderful recipe.  I made it just as written. The flavor is perfect!  Just a little bit of chopping and a little bit of cooking -great meld of flavors.  For the foldover - I sprayed one side of the tortilla with cooking spray, lay it in the pan, add the cheese then the meat mixture.  Once the cheese is melted, I gently fold the tortilla over.  Works great and is less messy.   Next time I may add some black bean to the mixure.

These are the best quesadillas we've ever made.  I had just regular chicken sausage, but we still loved them.  Note- after reading the recipe before making it, we decided to add some of our homemade taco seasoning into the veggie mixture while it was cooking.  Added about a tablespoon and a half.  It was the perfect amount of seasoning and we can't wait to make these again!

We made these and liked them a lot.  As a hint to the person who had trouble flipping the quesadillas, I make them by putting the cheese on the bottom and the sausage/veggies on top.  Then when you cook the first side, the cheese gets melty and helps keep things in place when you flip.

Made it as described with the exception of using canned corn instead of frozen.  I added the corn during the last minute of cooking the sausage/peppers mix just to heat it. Great recipe. Nice flavor and easy to make.

Yum!  This is flavorful and savory.  We'd definitely have this again.

We really liked these quesadillas but we think they need more seasoning.  I will add more cumin, garlic  and a jalapeno pepper. I don't like my quesadillas wet so I drained the cooked ingredients before spooning it on the quesadilla.  Definitely will make again. Thanks for the recipe!

Yummy and fantastic for something different. Quick, easy and and family approved.  I made a quick lunch of it the next day but rather than a tortilla, I made a zucchini bowl.  Thanks for the recipe!

