I came across this amazing recipe while looking for something to make w/leftover turkey from Xmas.  I boiled the turkey carcass and used the stock instead of water-but followed the recipe exactly otherwise.  It was absolutley fantastic and my husband loved it too.  I actually made a double batch and we ate it for a week w/o getting sick of it.  Top it w/cheese or sourcream...Mmmmmm!

Just okay. I used a double batch of Bill Echols taco seasoning (cutting way back on the salt and chili pepper)and instead of using water and bouillion cubes, I used low sodium chicken broth. I also added the cilantro to the soup about 15 minutes before serving and added a couple tbsp. of fresh lime juice. The condensed soup added a nice creamy flavor and thickened up the soup just enough. This was easily adapted for the crockpot and was a nice inviting smell after a long, cold day. Great with Amusement Park Cornbread and a nice cold Dos Equis. My only issue with this is my family didn't care for it. This makes quite a bit for one person to eat on her own, unless you freeze it in lunch sized portions. Be sure your family likes taco soup.

My Husband loved this soup I'm not a great cook but this recipe made it look like I'm a great cook only thing changed was I used dry black beans not canned

Delicious! Was a big hit with everyone and is definitely going in the make it again (soon) file!

Great way to use leftover Turkey. This soup was delicious.

Excellent with leftover smoked turkey

it was really great - filling and tasty and perfect even if the real turkey came out a bit dry!  everyone had seconds! we will do this yearly for sure!

Amazing recipe and one that I think you can adjust/add to based on what you have. I was a little skeptical about adding tomato soup but it really gave it a velvelty type texture and a nice taste. Thanks so much for this recipe.

I used this soup as inspiration because I had a ton of leftover turkey, but I was missing sour cream and didn’t have time to go to the store. My family tends to like broth based soups, so I followed the recipe, doubling the spices, and leaving out the sour cream and cheese, and it was superb! I know it’s not exactly the soup recorded here, but the elements I used were wonderful, and I look forward to making it again with all the ingredients!

Skipped the soup and used broth instead of water. Yummy!

It was very good . But I like a little more spice.

