This was pretty tasty, even though I found out by reading other reviews that I had made a mistake!  I didn't top it off with tortillas, only the cheese, and didn't realize it was supposed to be covered.  So, I baked it, uncovered, for 40 minutes and let it sit for 5 minutes, and I think it turned out pretty good! I think the fact that it turned out good and not soupy like others have mentioned, is because I didn't cover it in the first place! LOL.  I like the addition of the cream of chicken soup/sour cream base.  I also sauteed fresh chicken strips with a little olive oil, cumin, and chili powder since the recipe doesn't exactly say what to do with the chicken. I think I'll be making this again.

I liked it well enough, but probably will not make again.  My friends loved it.  If you're going to make it, I reccommend using less salsa.  Be prepared for a runny casserole with a lot of flavor.

Very easy to make. My family loved it

I made this exactly as the recipe stated, and the 4 adults who ate it thought it was the best dang casserole they ever tasted.   Except, we covered the raw chicken in taco seasoning before cooking.  Delicious!!!   After we put the top layer of tortillas, we added the rest of the cheese.  I did notice it starting to brown so I put aluminum foil  on top loosely.   Only wish I had tented the foil because some cheese stuck to it.  Otherwise, perfection!!!

Sub corn tortillas for flour and green enchilada sauce for taco sauce for a more authentic flavor.

Delicious!  I love the flavor of the chicken mixed with the soup and sour cream.  I seared my breasts on one side for 6 minutes (seasoned first with cumin, garlic powder, salt, and chili powder, then flipped them, added 3/4 cup chicken stock, and covered for 7 minutes, then shredded.  Mixed the shredded chicken with the soup/sour cream mix and added one packet of taco seasoning.  For the "salsa", I only had one little can (4 oz.) of green salsa, so I mixed that with a 14 oz. can of drained petit diced tomatoes with green chilis, a 4 oz. can of green chiles, a diced purple onion, a cup or 2 of frozen corn, and a 3 oz. can of drained black olives.  It was NOT runny, and absolutely delicious.  I was low on cheese.  All I had was an 8 oz. block of Irish cheddar, so I grated that for the top and used deluxe American cheese slices for my inner layer of cheese.  I didn't have any soft tortillas, so I broke up some hard corn tostadas for the bottom and used tortilla chips for the middle layer.  Baked according to directions but only covered for the first half.  Hubbs is picky with this kind of casserole, and he LOVED it.  I did too!  Thanks for a great recipe!!!  It's very adaptable.  I would've added some black beans, but Hubbs doesn't like them.  I will definitely make this again.

Pretty good. Will make this again but with a hotter salsa. May have to try lightly frying tortillas also.

I make this and use corn tortillas. There are two kinds of them. You want the ones that are made with shortening and corn so they don't fall apart or become mush. Mexicans don't make them with flour tortillas. As I live in and was raised in New Mexico neither do I. I never make enchiladas with flour ones at any time. Flour tortillas are for breakfast  or borittos.

It was super easy to make but looked terrible but tasted great

Delicious and filling.

Been making this for years, except I soft fry the tortillas and then cover in green enchilada sauce, then top each layer with chicken mixture and cheese, doing this a few layers,(like you lay out a lasagna casserole), covering last layer with tortillas, enchilada  sauce and cheese, topped with green onions and black olives (if I have them on hand). Bake it until the cheeses melts through all the layers. Best to let it rest before cutting. This Is even better the next day (easier to actually cut it then too).

