This is not a review... it's my recipe and it's supposed to say that the beans should be drained and RINSED.  Also, I specified that any combination of beans would work, but contrasting colors make the best presentation!  But, you know, I think it's a 5* recipe, so I'm going to give it 5*s just to get you guys started!  Enjoy!  p.s. to "likkel"... why would people who don't like cold bean salads even try this recipe?  that's like saying vegetarians won't like a beefsteak recipe!  And WHY would you feed it to your husband, knowing he doesn't like garbanzo beans??

I thought this was pretty good. My husband wouldn't eat it. I made him try it and he first picked out the garbanzos since he doesn't like them. People who don't like cold bean salads won't like it. 

I used Lime instead of lemon; and red beans in stead of kidnet beans. I did half with fresh cilantro and half with fresh parsley and I liked the cilantro better (but I love cilantro); the parsley batch had a nice fresh flavor.  I tried adding some (thawed) frozen corn and thougth that was good. I added some more chopped red onion since that gave it nice flavor and crunch and a bit more tomato was good.

I wish the recipe was updated to specify to rinse the beans, not just drain. After I added the ingredients and had a frothy salad, I went and read the original posters comment about needing to rinse the beans. I also think the salad was missing something with the overall flavor profile. Beware to rinse the beans or else have a frothy salad :(

I added olives. Love it. Simple, easy, healthy and delicious!

Love it ! Quick, easy , healthy side dish or great as a snack with pita chips !

I used the lime-cilantro suggestion as my family doesn't quite like a lot of parsley (we don't eat much parsley in Malaysia) and it turned out wonderfully well. I didn't use capers, and couldn't work out how to get the lime zest. It was still so flavourful and my family loved it when I brought it to our weekly lunch. I made it twice last week (took some to work over 3 days) and will definitely make it again. Thank you for a great, easy recipe!

Super quick and easy recipe. I used a food processor and chopped the red onion for several Mediterranean dishes all together to save myself the step in the other recipes. I love the dishes Allrecipes gathered for their Mediterranean dishes.

This is so good as a side dish or a meal on its own. Great for potlucks or packed lunches.
We have made this many times and usually use halved grape tomatoes and extra capers.
Delicious!

This was great. Added cucumber and mozzarella perline. Omitted the lemon zest (personal preference), but not the lemon juice. Served it with sautéed shrimp, garlic bread and a bowl of fresh spinach to mix and match. Great dish for a hot summer night.

I’m on a long sailing trip and have been looking for recipes easily made in a rocking galley. I made this one today, but with a can of tomatoes and dried parsley. I made it the night before because conditions were predicted to be rough for lunch preparations the next day. I think the overnight soak helped reconstitute the dry parsley. It was delightful to have such a

I’m so obsessed with this recipe! I like to add olives to it (goes well with the Mediterranean theme!) as well as pepper and extra onions. I’ve made this every day for the last three weeks. I also want to add that i am usually freaked out by raw onions but for some reason the raw spiciness of the onion gets muted by the lemon juice and it just works. Love.

