Gone in minutes! Family loved this. I didn't put tortillas on bottom in fear of becoming soggy.Added jalapenos on just 1/2 the side over salsa for my son who loves heat. Served with bowls of shredded lettuce, chopped tomatos, sour cream, guacamole, and the SCOOP tortilla chips! No silverware even needed for this quick and easy dish. You can also spoon some on a flour tortilla and roll it up like a burrito.
Thanks for the great recipe!

this was pretty basic.  i added a poblano, onion and garlic to the meat. i also spread the beans on the bottom of the dish rather than trying to put it over the meat.  

I wish I would have made rice and put that as a layer in there.  I topped it with shredded lettuce, black olives, sc and cilantro

It was delicious

I love this! So simple. I've made it exactly as the recipe states, then I tweak it the next time. I like a little more substance, so I added rice. I also found it easier to mix the ground beef and refried beans together before putting in the dish. I top with lots of cheese and sliced olives and serve with shredded lettuce, tomato, sour cream, guac and chips like a taco salad.

Made several changes. Added half cooked rice, pinto beans with jalapenos, venison instead of beef, corn tortilla chips, bbq sauce instead of salsa and cheddar cheese

I LOVE this! I LOVE all these ingredients. I “invented” this dish a few years ago to take to a family party, as a dip, and used tortilla chips on the side. I LOVE tomatoes, so I cut little pieces of tomatoes and put on the top layer, on top of the melted cheese. I also used Rotel tomatoes mixed in with the ground meat. I mixed in Salsa with the refried beans. My elderly aunts are so snooty and think I could never prepare a dish even close to their standards. Well, they all sat around the table eating it up, wanting to know who made this dish, what is name of it and where did I get the recipe. I told them some crazy name for the dish. The looked so puzzled and said I never heard to that…me either…no, I haven’t either. I was so happy. This dish was gone at the beginning of the party. I’m going to make it tonight. It’s so yummy!

I made it and topped the salsa with tater tots then the shredded cheese. So hearty... I also added green chili’s to the ground beef. Delicious. Thanks!

So easy and delicious!   I didn't brown the top that much because I will be reheating the leftovers in the oven, so they'll brown more then.

Pressed for time for a yummy dinner... this is a great go to! It was so yummy and can add sliced avacado on top when serving!

Great starter recipe! I added rice to my taco meat and used about 1/4 jar of salsa. I also spread the beans on tortillas as my bottom layer. My family loved it!!

Very tasty!! I would have liked a little something extra in there, I’ll experiment with it and enjoy doing so.

