I added the taco seasoning to the sour cream and used canned diced tomatoes (to make it easier).  It was ABSOLUTELY delicious and a definite crowd-pleaser.

This is a decent start to the recipe i use. I mix the taco seasoning with 1 cup of sour cream and 1/2 cup of mayo..this lets the taco seasoning shine without overbearing the other ingredients.

Quick to prepare and definitely a crowd pleaser.  I microwaved it a bit to melt the cheese and combine the flavors more.

A lovely dip! Would recommend for sure

Made this exactly as indicated, doubled the recipe and made it in a 8 x 8 cake pan. Served with Tostitos Scoops. Made It for a large group of very picky eaters and was GONE. none to bring home. :( the absolute easiest dish I’ve ever made. Now I’m going to make one for me that I don’t have to share.

I prepared this in a glass casserole-type dish with a lid since I was bringing it to a friend’s party. Everyone raved about it. And it was excellent! ...but next time I’ll use a shallow dish in order to spread the beans out in a thinner.  Thank you for submitting this great tasting, easy to make recipe!

So yummy. I will make again.

I have been making this recipe since the late 90s and no matter where I take it, I never bring any home usually I end up giving out the recipe before I leave. Even though I'm vegan now, I still make this recipe for others. I'm working on a vegan version but I hope will taste as good as this one!! I would recommend that everybody give this one a try and don't change a thing and enjoy oh, it's just that good!

I made this for family get together.. was a hit

I've made this recipe so many times but I made mine with everything including taco seasoned ground beef and added shredded lettuce into my layers so that we could scoop it into taco shells it's so good!

I made no changes at all. I try to stick to the recipe the first time I make it. It turned out delicious. I made a double recipe for a summer cook-out and 2/3 of it went (not bad for only 20 people and a lot of other food available). I may add a pinch of cayenne next time. My husband loved it too. I have to say though that it's a bit tricky spreading those layers of guacamole and sour cream over the tomatoes. I'll make it again. And, again probably.

