I used this recipe as a solid base to create my own personal version. I used only jalepeno pepper for both taste and a little heat. I also blended in cilantro, lime, some raw carrot and a little cream cheese with the potato/broth mixture. I'm a big fan of garlic, so I chopped up several cloves to simmer with the onions. I can't tell you how fantastic this turned out. I even froze some for later, and am eating it now as I type. Still tastes amazing. Never be  afraid to get off the beaten track of your recipe and do your own thing :)

This soup was ok. For me the ham didn't really fit into the Tex Mex flavors. My bf said it tasted like someone from Wisconsin tried to do a southwestern soup. I think I'll do this again with a little shrimp in place of the ham.

A delicious, easy soup. I would be interested in trying it with bacon instead of ham next time.

This is good and very filling. I like the spice of it; the peppers add a really bright flavor to this creamy soup.

This soup was ok. For me the ham didn't really fit into the Tex Mex flavors. My bf said it tasted like someone from Wisconsin tried to do a southwestern soup. I think I'll do this again with a little shrimp in place of the ham.

Good, spicy soup.  Used smoked sausage as suggested.  I'll leave the potatoes chunkier next time.

This soup was wonderful!  I will definitely be making again.  Loved the spice!

SO GOOD!  The only thing I changed was to use 2% milk instead of cream (it worked just fine) and smoked sausage we buy locally, instead of ham.  (not much of a ham fan)  The flavors were great, this is a real comfort food!

My husband said, "That's potato soup!"  I did not puree the potatoes as we like a little more chunky consistancy, and they were already falling apart a bit anyway.  Wonderful flavor and so comforting on a cold, rainy night!

I used this recipe as a solid base to create my own personal version. I used only jalepeno pepper for both taste and a little heat. I also blended in cilantro, lime, some raw carrot and a little cream cheese with the potato/broth mixture. I'm a big fan of garlic, so I chopped up several cloves to simmer with the onions. I can't tell you how fantastic this turned out. I even froze some for later, and am eating it now as I type. Still tastes amazing. Never be  afraid to get off the beaten track of your recipe and do your own thing :)

An excellent and flavorful soup.  I've made it several times without the meat and substituting water for the broth for a vegetarian alternative.  I also added several cloves of garlic and extra red and green and also yellow pepper.  Yummy every time, thanks!

