This was a great recipe for using up some things I had, (chicken, spinach, eggs).  I made it without the crust to save some carbs.  Just mixed it all together and poured it all in my Pyrex pie plate sprayed with cooking spray.  I added one additional egg and a mixture of cheeses and it turned out great!

Followed recipe pretty close, added bacon so be careful with salt if you do this.  Used sour cream also instead of mayonnaise.  This was delicious will definitely make again

This was fairly simple to make with items I had on hand. I used my own seasoning and Greek yogurt instead of half and half. And it was delicious if I say so myself!

Excellent recipe, especially with your own seasoning

Easy, tasty, and will make this one again. Instead of using a pinch of Mrs Grass herbs - I used two pinches of  herbes de Provence. Worked great!

I thought the quiche was tasty.  The consistency was not a solid as most quiche that I’ve eaten or cooked.  The texture was a bit different.  I enjoyed the chicken touch.  I used chicken breast tenderloins and cooked them on top of the stove in a little butter and McCormicks  Season All.  As they were cooking I used the spatula to break up the chicken even more so that it became more like bits/shreds.  I added a little of the Season All to the egg mixture and used a little less of the slay and pepper to account for this.  I received compliments on the dish.  I would make this dish again.

Made this but changed the recipe to fit my needs and taste.  Added ground turkey, used several different cheeses, added nutmeg and allspice to turkey meet with onions, onion powder etc.  My FAMILY LOVED IT also included spinach.

Just delicious. Very versatile -- I used a combo of Swiss and gruyere and I cubed grilled boneless chicken thighs for the filling. I sautéd the spinach and onions out of habit but not sure it made a difference. Play with your fillings and spices.

This recipe is delicious and I've made it several times now. One issue I've noticed though is that it's requiring at least an hour and a half to fully cook, over double the 40 minute cook time in the recipe (even though I definitely have the oven at 350 degrees like it says). When I check in on it at 40 minutes, it's basically still liquid. Thinking about the problem, I'm guessing that the cause is that I substituted frozen chopped spinach for fresh since that's the only thing I've done differently every time. I guess it makes sense now, but that's probably something I could've been aware of.

We love this!  Make it often and love that it's low sodium, so everyone can have some.

