I try to be true to recipes, but I'm often at the mercy of what I have on hand. I used fresh corn tortillas, which I quartered and layered the dish in three layers so mine came out more like a chicken enchilada casserole. The seasonings were spot on. I also substituted  a can of cream of poblano soup with the can of chicken soup. This is a great winter comfort food, but oh so easy any time you have leftover chicken. My leftover chicken was smoked, so it added an additional layer of flavor to the flavor profile. Thanks Sarah! Great recipe!

This was awful. made as directed. Both Hubs and i tried it, could not eat it

I used egg noodles instead of chips, would make it smooth.It was yummy. I also added a little fresh cilantro on top.

I added cilantro and black olives.  I did not have spicy chips so I just added taco seasoning.  Turned out great.  Served with Allrecipes Mexican bean salad…great combo.

It is good and I will make it again.  My husband loved it but I thought it was a bit bland, even with the spicy seasoning.     It is a good way to use a rotisserie chicken and the ingredients are staples in the pantry.  But it is not a 5 star to me.  To be fair, I just used 1 can of cream soup and deleted the milk but added a small can of creamed corn because my husband loves corn.  The casserole still was very loose even though it  cooked for a full hour.  I don't think following the recipe to the letter would have made much difference.  Next time I will add some salsa for added flavor.

Very easy recipe tp make.  It was very tasty.

Overall, it's okay. It has delicious flavor, but the doritos came out as a gooey "crust" and had a weird flavor. I wish it had more texture to it. I broke up a hard taco shell in my bowl to give it a little crunch. I did use rotel tomatoes and added half a can of Chiles. If I make it again, I'll definitely add jalapeños for more heat.

Hubby and I really enjoyed this casserole.   I added jalapenos because we like the heat.  I also had some leftover black beans and corn and threw them into the recipe.  I would make this again.

Very easy. I’ve made it a few times and it’s very creamy and the flavor intensifies after a night in the fridge for lunch taking for next day. The last time I made it I added 1cup cooked Mexican rice and 1 cup cooked white rice to bowl of condensed soup and sour cream and stirred in. It gave it some body so it wasn’t as runny. Made easier serving squares almost like a lasagna.

Added corn

This was awful. made as directed. Both Hubs and i tried it, could not eat it

