I made this in advance for super bowl but my husband and adult children wanted to have it for super that night because it smelt so good and the taste was even greater. I did not alter one thing, I will warn you that it is hot but that was why I wanted to make it in the first place and it didn't let me down.

This is a good alternative to beef chili, but needs some work.  I just won best overall at a chili cookoff at work, which surprised me a little.  Next time, I will use shredded chicken as well for a different texture and thicken it a bit.  This was a bit runny.  Plus, it is a little too tomatoey.  I also added more heat by adding diced jalapenos.  I will make it again, but work with it to try to make it taste more like buffalo chicken.

I saved this recipe year ago & make it several times a year. Usually when we have company for a game or a fall birthday party, etc.. Everyone loves it. It is always a hit. The only downside is there's never any leftover for the next day.

I thought this recipe was very good.  It made a good variation of chili to add to the mix!  The only changes I made were to use just white beans and actually doubled the amount of Red Hot.  I don't understand the reviews that complain it's too spicy.  If something has Red Hot in the ingredient list, there's your indication it's going to be spicy!

I topped it with crumbled bleu cheese. I also used mushrooms in place of beans to make it more keto friendly for my sister. And you don't miss the beans.

My teen and I love it. It's sweet and spicy. I used one can of tomato sauce, one can of stewed tomatoes, and one can of kidney beans. In the final 10 minutes, I added canned corn.

I made it without the beans and without some of the veggies and subbed the meat for turkey. It was amazing! Everyone loved it and didn't even notice the absence of beans or that I used turkey!

Tasty. it wasn't too much  of a vinegar flavor like franks sometimes can be by itself. it was an amazing chili and the best review I can give is that it tasted like chili. the whole family was very happy with it!

This is mighty HOT chili! I love this recipie as I’m always looking for ways to use inexpensive ground chicken. The only changes I made was I used only 1/4 cup of Franks Buffalo Hotsauce and 2 tablespoons of chili. For my family that was hot enough! I served it over baked potatoes and my kids thought it was awsome.

I left out the red beans and added Celery instead of carrots.  I also served it with sour cream and blue cheese crumbles.

I competed in a chili cook off competition and won with this recipe. Thank you Lisa for this inspiration!

