I grew up in Texas and remember eating this ALL the time as a kid.  My mom's recipe is almost identical, although we do a few things different.  First, add a couple of cloves of garlic to the onion and bell pepper and saute for 5 minutes or so to soften.  I also buy a pre-cooked rotisserie chicken from my grocery store and debone the meat and use that instead of chicken breasts - easy and fast :).  Use only 1 cup (1/2 can) of broth, heat that in the microwave and dip the corn tortillas in this (which we tear into strips) before adding to casserole.  Lastly, our recipe has 3 cups of cheese, but we toss that with 3 teaspoons of chili powder and 1 tsp of cayenne pepper.  In a 13X9 pan, layer in this order, 1/2 the chicken, 1/2 the sauteed veggies, 1/2 the dipped tortillas, 1/3 of the cheese mixture, remaining chicken, remaining veggies, remaining tortillas, 1/3 of cheese.  Add the leftover broth (from dipping the tortillas) to the soups and Rotel mixture and pour this over the top.  10 minutes before baking is finished, top with the remaining cheese mixture.  Yummy, yummy, yummy.  If you like more/less spice, you can adjust the cayenne pepper and/or add Tobasco sauce and now-a-days, you can buy the Extra Hot or Mild brands of Rotel.  :)

Folowed advice of other reviewers and only used on e cup of broth. This as a good recipe but we did not like the corn tortillas. Wil def try again Maybe use flour tortillas? The sauce was great!

this was a terrible version. I made 2, to freeze one for later....threw both in trash.

Loved it!!

This is EXCELLENT! Only use one cup of broth, I fry my corn tortillas in oil, 8 seconds per side and then pat them down with paper towels (that's how the Mexicans do it). Stack all the tortillas on top of each other and cut off an inch that way they fit in the pan better. Also dipped the tortillas in the creamy mixture, I added parmesan cheese. I did three layers with cheddar and mozzarella cheese and it was AMAZING!

I made it and it was fabulous  I cut out the chicken broth out and just dipped my tortilla in it .I wish I had double up on the tortilla i only used two layers but it was great . I added a can of corn to it an Grapevine Tx.

The recipe turned out fine.  It sets up after a while and is not so runny.  My husband thought it was just ok according to his taste preferences and advised me to not make it again.

I have been making this recipe for years and now substitute pico de Gallo for the pepper, onion tomato combination

Overall good recipe. One suggestion I’d make is either slightly cook bell peppers & onion before layering or add more time to original time to allow time to cook. Family enjoyed it. Will serve again. Didn’t show it plated but went well with barracho  beans & a Southwest style salad.

Love it! I added Chipotle instead of chili.

It was great. I added more seasoning. I added Cumen and the other seasoning, Garlic salt, and chillie powder to the soup mixture. Then I also added seasoning on top. Without it, it would have been bland.

