Be sure to make a double batch-this one will go quick!  Great appetizer!

It was only good straight out of the oven.  As soon as the cheese cools off it hardens and is impossible to eat with chips.  I will stick to the mexican style dips that are cold from now on.  Also the recipe says to heat in oven just until cheese melts and the cream cheese was still cold when the cheese melted.  I had to heat much longer than that.  Won't be making this one again.

5 Stars!
This is a very tasty appetizer!
Super easy to make and everyone loved it.
It was gone in no time!

I will get rid of the picture that is posted. That is now how my dip should look. I will post a better picture as soon as I can figure out how to get rid of this one.

I make this a lot.  Being on a low carb diet I find ways to still have some of the things I like without over doing the carbs.  Husband likes the original recipe so I take my portion out before tweaking.  It makes us both happy :) 
For my portion, I use just enough salsa for consistency, add some crushed low carb tortilla chips, mix it all together and not layered.  Husband's is not layered either.
I put about 3 Tbl on each (3 of them)lettuce leaf topped with mashed avocado and call it a very yummy lunch!

Delicious! Basically tastes like you're eating a taco with cream cheese. Followed the recipe exactly and everyone loved it. Very filling for a dip. I'm sure you can customize it any way you want, but you really don't have to change a thing. I like the idea someone gave about using corn chips to dip. Might try that next time. This and the Taco Bean dip will be among my favorites!

I have made this several times and just like everyone says, it’s gone quickly.

it was delicious i would make it again but besides putting the taco mix hallepino water and salsa sauce i also put 2 handfuls of cheese in the mix then i put some cheese on top,i find it is better because you don't just get the cheese on top it is mixed in with the meat and it doesn't seem clumpy when you serve it you don't just get cheese from the top you get it all through the dip.

I have made this many times over the years and my family and friends absolutely love it. However, we've found that as it cools down, the cheese on top hardens and it's almost impossible to eat with a chip. So, a couple of years ago I started making it a new way. I do everything as said up until it's time to press the cream cheese into the bottom of a pie pan. From that point, I throw everything into my crockpot, including the cream cheese. It still has the same flavor as before, but it stays much creamier. I usually double or triple this recipe, depending on where I'm going, and I never have any left to bring home!

I enjoyed this, good taco like flavor, even days later as a leftover without chips.  I did not have salsa when I made it so I added a can of chopped chili ready tomatoes.  It came out a bit soupy and very beefy (blaming this on not draining tomatoes first and using too much ground beef), but days later it was thick.  Tough to get through the grated cheese with a chip, would suggest a more processed cheese.  I'm curious like another user whether mixing salsa and refried beans and if you don't like processed cheese (blech!) it might be better for dipping to sprinkling fresh cheese on after baking.  I'll be playing with this recipe a bit longer.

No one really cared for this.  It needed something.  Tasted like taco meat minus the rest of the taco.  Will not make again.

