I love enchiladas and was excited to find this recipe here. These came out well, but needed some more spunk. I added green and red bell peppers to the filling mixture, and topped the enchiladas with some green onions for flavor and presentation. The topping was a bit cheesier than I would like, so I will use less cheese and more sour cream next time. Thanks for a good recipe!

As written, I think this recipe is about 3 stars, maybe 3.5. After the initial try, I made it again with changes (some from other reviewers, some of my own) and it is now my DH's favorite. Here is what I did...Cooked 2 chicken breasts in about 2c chicken broth in slow cooker for about 5 hours, removed from liquid  then shredded. Put shredded chicken in pan, added one packet of taco seasoning and required water, and cooked until no liquid remained. I then followed the recipe and blended the chicken, 3/4c cheddar, 1/2c sour cream, and added 1/4c cottage cheese. I used wheat tortillas, and filled them generously and still got 9 instead of 8. I used one can of enchilada sauce to pour over enchiladas, then topped with just shredded cheddar and tomatoes. Cooked as suggested, but covered for the last 7-8 minutes, let sit for about 10 minutes and served topped with sour cream. My husband gave my version 5 stars (but he has to be nice if he wants me to keep making him dinner ;-) ) I think that the cubed chicken, and the lack of enchilada sauce were my biggest turn-offs about the original recipe. In my version, the chicken is juicy, and the enchiladas are not dry at all. I'm glad that I found the recipe - the filling is great (with shredded chicken).

I decided to make this recipe because the grandkids don't like spicy.  I Later added some good tomatillo sauce for my partner.
It was a hit for everyone!  Even my partner praised it and he doesn't like sour cream.  Go figure.

Really liked it. Only change was I left out the onions. I mixed the olives in with the topping and added a few more with the tomatoes. I used canned diced tomatoes because that's what I had on hand. Really good.  I sometimes cook chicken breasts in slow cooker with chicken broth and shred to use for dishes like this. Handy to have in freezer.

The taste was not great. It was bland and it just wasn’t very good.

Kids loved it and want me to make it again.

Excellent dish and easy to fix.

This was a super easy meal that everyone in the family loved!  I did add half a package of taco seasoning mix to the chicken mixture for extra flavour. Will definitely make this again!!

This is a great all around crowd pleaser. Not much in the way of spiciness (the kids asked to skip the onions) but you can add your own preferred spices to taste. My wife is not a big fan of chicken so I made a separate pan substituting with black beans. Super easy and the whole gang was happy! Yum!!

Easy breezy to make. Would love to know whether or not I could substitute pinto beans for chicken in this recipe, and by how much for people that are vegetarians. Please consider adding that to this recipe as an option if possible. Will be making again! :)

This is a great recipe. I've tweaked it a bit. I don't do the onion or black olives, my family is too picky. I cook the chicken in taco seasoning, and I do add  rice in with the chicken mixture. I don't do the cheese and sour cream mixture at the end. Instead, I pour enchilada sauce all over them and then sprinkle the cheese. My family is picky, and they love it!

