I've made this meatloaf twice now. The first time I followed the recipe and only omitted the green bell pepper. Baked it in a loaf pan. It was dense and delicious and made fabulous sandwiches. My one complaint: it was a bit greasy...kind of cooked in it's own fat as it rendered out into the loaf pan.  The second time I made a few modifications. *Added: 1 tsp. garlic powder 1 tsp. Italian herb no-salt blend *Substituted: 1 lb. broken up ground beef pepper steaks for the ground beef and bell pepper *Cooking: I baked it in a loaf shape on a baking sheet lined with foil. It wasn't as dense, but it was plenty moist and wasn't as greasy. It also had a nice crust on it all the way around. I'll be baking it on a baking sheet from now on.  Overall: delicious meatloaf. :)

No one in my family cared for  this meatloaf.  Followed recipe as written.  Had a different texture probably due to the cornbread stuffing mix and the chunks of tomatoes even though I put the cornbread stuffing in the food processor and used petite diced tomatoes.  Was not for us.

The was delicious!!! I think I just might add a little more stuffing crumbs to help soak up the juices and hold it together a little more.Best part was… both kids LOVED it!!

I've never really liked meatloaf, it's always so slimy and bland, but this recipe is amazing! My husband loves meatloaf and he loved this one. The kids all ate it, too, and they're all very picky!

Excellent flavor and texture.  My husband and I both really enjoyed it.  The only thing I did different was I left out the green pepper because my husband doesn’t like them and I substituted the plain diced tomatoes for Italian style because I didn’t have garlic with herbs.  I’ve tried many meatloaf recipes and this is my favorite by far.

I'm getting ready to try the recipe and had a question. Has anyone tried using Jiffy cornbread mix instead of the stuffing mix? I wonder if I should make the cornbread first and then grind in food processor similar to what they say about the stuffing mix or would it be OK to just use the unprepared cornbread mix in place of the ground stuffing mix. Thoughts or suggestions would be appreciated

I have never been able to make meatloaf well until I got this recipe and now it's one of my favorite go to meals that my kids love and it doesn't cost a lot of money and it's delicious!

This is the best meatloaf ever. I dont use green peppers because I don't like them. It have made it without and without using the food processor step to grind the stuffing mix. I prefer it with the food processor because it blends in with the rest of the ingredients better. I have no problems  with it being greasy but I cook it in a double layer meatloaf pan so the grease drains out. It is delicious and flavorful and it is the only meatloaf recipe I use.

No one in my family cared for  this meatloaf.  Followed recipe as written.  Had a different texture probably due to the cornbread stuffing mix and the chunks of tomatoes even though I put the cornbread stuffing in the food processor and used petite diced tomatoes.  Was not for us.

Great recip!! Gone the same day

I make meatloaf because my husband loves it - I'm not at all a meatloaf fan. That said, this was awesome!

I made it according to the recipe, and it came out perfectly. The only change I would make in the future is to use petite diced tomatoes next time, since the larger diced tomatoes kept coming across as a weird texture change for me.

