Excellent cheese enchiladas, just like we get in the taquerias here. This is authentic Tex-Mex. I had enough chili gravy though for two pans although we used it all, it was a bit too much and the next time I'll cut that in half. I used an American-Cheddar shredded cheese blend. I didn't fry the tortillas in the oil, just heated them in the microwave to make them pliable. The second time I made these I did fry the tortillas which takes only a couples of secs per side except it is harder to work with a hot hot tortilla. I was afraid they would be greasy after the frying, but they turned out great after all. I also used half the sauce the second time and it while it wasn't plentiful, it was still adequate. Thanks Rhonda, this recipe is going to get a lot of use in the future!

This recipe was just "o.k."  My family was crazy about it.  Amazingly enough even with all the spices added it was rather bland...maybe add more salt.  The recipe says the flour is divided but I could never figure out why so I added the whole half cup to the 2 cups of water.  The meat sauce turned out fine but the enchiladas stuck to the bottom of the dish.  Maybe put some meat sauce on the bottom before putting in enchiladas and then pour remaining over top.  Interesting idea for enchiladas but probably won't be a staple in my home.

Wow! Talk about filling, but In a good way, not a bloated feeling, also I cut the recipe in half as we only need a two-person meal

Cheesy delight!!!!! This really turned out more of a casserole as the shells did not hold together very well but I  did not care. Been awhile since I have had American cheese.  Loved this dish.

Excellent recipe! I’ve been looking for a good enchilada recipe and this one is a keeper! Thank you for sharing!

I usually add a bit more water and flour to the mix. Sometimes mine comes out without much gravy without it. Also do not skip the oil on the corn tortillas. You will get rock hard enchiladas.

What a delicious dish! A great combo of meaty, enchilada goodness. Prep was very straight forward and easy to put together.

I’m from McAllen, TX. This is the closest recipe I have found to the ones they serve at Tex-Mex restaurants here in the valley. Thank you for sharing.

I have made this several times for my boyfriend and every time I  turn around he requests these. The first couple of times I made them in to enchiladas. After a while thought I found out it is just easier to make it like a lasagna. I also started adding extra cheese. We also get American Boar's head cheese from the deli and fresh tortillas from the bakery. He said it tastes even better now

Loved the recipe as is. I was able to get 16  cheese tortillas in the 9X13 pan. I've made this twice. Making it again tomorrow for a potluck.

I've made this many times. Recently we have begun adding Spanish rice

