Everyone loved this recipe. I did the steps a little different with the meat and onions together. I also used a head of cauliflower chopped up small- same taste. Used taco seasoning- it was filling and yummy! :) Will make it again.

Needs more spices for my taste, a little dry and it takes longer than 10 minutes to prepare.  I would add liquid to the tomato paste to add more moisture and/or not drain the cauliflower rice.

Excellent! My teens even loved it. We ate ours with a dash of hot sauce and a dash of lime juice. Delicious 💛

I made it and used taco seasoning. Only add was a layer of corn on one side for those not on Keto and they REALLY loved it! I did not cheat!

I typically will make recipes exactly as the directions state on my first try, however as I did not have all the spices on hand I used an organic taco seasoning and also used cream cheese instead of the heavy cream because that is what I had.  Excellent recipe and I will definitely be making this again, love that it's Keto with Cauliflower "rice" which provides some fiber to the dish!

Made it for a potluck. I thought it looked dry.  (I did try a sticking out piece and the flavor was yummy).  However,  as there was nothing left and everybody kept asking “who made that?”,  I guess looks can be deceiving because it was a hit! It was easy, a quick make, and common ingredients were on hand.

Fabulous! My husband really liked it as well. And he was so surprised that Cauliflower was used in it. I didn't have any hamburger, so I used spicy ground sausage instead. Yum!!!!!
K. Murray

This casserole was delicious! I would add more riced cauliflower next time and probably just buy a fresh head of cauliflower instead of the frozen. The frozen did make this dish more convenient though.

Needs more spices for my taste, a little dry and it takes longer than 10 minutes to prepare.  I would add liquid to the tomato paste to add more moisture and/or not drain the cauliflower rice.

This is a pretty good recipe, simple and healthy.  I've made it twice and feel like its missing something, next time maybe jalapeños or spinach?

We loved this recipe and I really don't care for cauliflower.  The only change I would make is double the seasoning.

