Tasted great. It is almost the exact same as the one I grew up with that my mother made. The only change I made was to leave out the mayonaise.

made this dip for my sons party. it was good, but i could taste the mayo, which isnt a good taste when thinking mexican dip. like i said, it was good, but ill look for an alternative to the mayo concoction.

Childhood classic for pitch in’s! The only thing I do differently is add a layer of chopped green chilis (canned). Love the flavor it adds with no extra heat! Pair with Fritos or tortilla chips!

The first time I made it, I made it exactly by the recipe. It was delicious!Second time, I didn't have tomatoes, so I used some diced tomatoes from a can of Rotel and also omitted mayo, as I was out. Still perfect! I think mixing the taco seasoning in with sour cream and mayo made all the flavors come together well.

I was looking for Haystack 7-layer dip and this was the one - except omit the mayo - tostito's scoops are perfect to eat it. I made my own guac - 5 avocados, 1/3 cup fresh lime juice, 1/2 tsp onion, garlic, coriander powder, salt and pepper - 10 grinds of each. We brought to the Christmas party tonight and it was ALL GONE.

Delicious! Made it for a small girls' night and it was a huge hit.  Only thing I changed was dropping the mayo and replacing it with cream cheese.

I made it without mayonnaise and increased the sour cream to compensate. My husband and I ate all of in one afternoon. We’re both pretty fat, but still. I highly recommend it!

Fast and easy recipe for Tex Mex layered dip.  I just added a layer of salsa.

Great recipe - I omitted the mayo but otherwise made it exactly as written - a big hit at the Super Bowl party!

Awesome dip! My layers were: refried beans, spicy guacamole, sour cream mixture (1/4 cup cream cheese, 1 cup sour cream and the packaged taco mix), thin layer of cheddar cheese, cilantro, black olives and green onions. This was topped with more cheese and spoonfuls of salsa. Right before serving I squeezed lime juice on top. *I subbed the mayo w/cream cheese after reading multiple other reviews.   Served with Tostidos Scoops and Fritos Scoops.

Delicious! I also added jalapenos to the top.

