this was my absolute favorite meal I have made in a long time.

Had to add additional broth to finish cooking the rice. Adding the salsa and corn caused the meal to cool off too much. Had to microwave. Overall was good.

Family loved it! They never and I mean never eat leftovers! They fought over this dish! Will definitely make again and again!

Made this several times and we never leave any leftovers. A couple times we skipped the Poblano steps and chopped up some canned Adobe peppers instead to save time. We use the frozen elote street corn mix from kroger and it works great!

This was really delicious! The only thing I did differently was cooking the sausage first - couldn't get my mind around boiling it, and it turned out great. And I added a small can of green chilies as I didn't have any poblanos on hand. Great recipe! Think I'll add black beans next time for a change.

Used hamburger meat that I browned and drained (what I had), used a pepper and onion mix I cut up as I didn’t have the peppers called for, had to make home made taco seasoning, and had to use beef broth made from bouillon cubes but used 2 cups (again what I had). This was amazing. I covered it during baking and before adding the cheese added some salsa into the rice mix. I made the salsa the recipe calls for but as I made this for tomorrow night I didn’t top it yet with it. Gonna let the flavors merry overnight. Thank you. So easy and versatile. Definitely a repeat.

Good!   Took a bit of time to make w/roasting the poblano peppers and I didn't have roasted frozen corn so tried to roast canned corn in the oven.

A little time consuming  but tasty. First time to roast Poblano peppers. Not sure if I roasted too long. Pepper was very thin after peeling. I had to add more chicken broth as I only had basmati rice and it took longer to cook. Added a small can of mild green chilies and black beans rinsed. I topped with sour cream and the homemade salsa. In a pinch I think I could use a jar of salsa but nothing like fresh with cilantro. I would make again. Makes a lot with the added beans. Four stars only because it was a bit time consuming because of the chopping.

The dish sounded good except for the pablano peppers. I made this dish tonight, I served mine with heated flour tortilla shells.  However, the dish was delicious all by itself. I will definitely make this again.

Made a quadruple batch of this for a our large group on a ski weekend! Everyone loved it (save for one youngster who has an aversion to vegetables!??)

I used pulled pork instead of ground.  Very good.

