I am the recipe author. I made this as an experiment and my wife keeps clamoring for more. That's how I know when I've got a hit. I have since found that the following additions/substitutions work well: Egg; red bell pepper; broccoli; shrimp; scallions.

I followed the recipe exactly, and the result was an extremely bland dish, had to add a variety of spices (more curry for one), some ginger, some garlic powder (would have used the real thing if it wasn't already cooked), cayenne pepper and soy sauce.

Interesting with good taste, but needs seasoning. I added soy sauce, rice vinegar, and sesame oil to the chicken and soy sauce to the overall rice dish. I also threw on green onions and sriracha on the end.

Since I didn’t have white rice, I used what I had, which was a blend of white brown and wild rice. I added mushrooms, green pepper, and a red jalapeño for some heat. Delicious and filling.

So delicious! I was inspired to make this after having it at a Thai restaurant, shushu. Subbed 1 tbsp rice vinegar + 1 tbsp soy sauce for fish sauce. Sauteed garlic, scallions with onion before stirring in bell pepper, peas, shredded carrots. Also tipped 1 can of coconut milk. Topped with fried eggs!

Made the recipe as is (except I have a rice cooker) and it turned out great! Going to try and make the rice before hand so can try making it with cold rice to get that fried rice texture next time.

Added cashews, golden raisins. Used red onion but definitely use yellow next time and not cook onions so long.  Needs some more spices but curry level is good.

Made it twice now and highly recommended. I used precooked white rice as well. Very easy and quick to make this way.

I used brown rice instead of white rice. This was delicious!

not my favorite dish but its ok. I replaces the chicken with tofu because I'm vegan

This was quite good. As I'm on a mission to add more veggies to my diet, I also added corn, peas and carrots to the rice. The chucks of pineapple were large in my opinion, so I cut them into thirds before adding to the rice. 
Since I I served this with chicken satay, I omitted the chicken from the rice. This dish was a big hit in my house. We'll definitely make again.

