I am a connoisseur of Thai Basil Chicken dishes, and this recipe is my favorite with a few modifications.

I added 2 tblsp soy sauce to the oil/pepper/garlic after frying a bit.  You should also add the fish/oyster sauce at this point before adding the other ingredients or it won't absorb evenly into the food - you'll probably get some bites that taste fishy.  I also halved the oyster and fish sauce since the smell was...well..terrifying.  With that amount it added perfectly to the flavor but wasn't a noticeable/dominant taste at all (no one would know it is in there).  It's important to use fresh garlic.  I also prefer to chop the chicken after slicing (or use ground chicken) so it absorbs more of the flavor.

The hardest thing about this recipe is finding the Thai basil (different from Italian), I found it in an Asian market.  You can substitute stir fry or wide rice noodles for the rice if you prefer.  If you use wide rice noodles, it's best to chop them up a bit so they absorb the flavor.  

Wonderful recipe - I'm so excited I found it!  This will be a weekly recipe in my house!

Rice was too wet for my liking.  Perhaps too much oil.

One of my favorites.

Delicious recipe!

I added a tablespoon of sesame seed oil with the peanut oil, two eggs when adding the chicken and bell pepper, and a tablespoon of Thai red chili paste once the rice absorbed the sauce.  Like ordering an 8 out of 10 at a Thai restaurant.

Ingredients list does not mention 'Thai Basil'.  Also, the recipe tasted more authentic when I used a Thai Peppers instead of Serrano Peppers in the second batch.  I grow my own Thai Peppers so they are readily available for chili fish sauce and other Thai recipes.

KID-FRIENDLY AND HUSBAND APPROVED.  This is a wonderful recipe, and my kids ate it and asked for seconds!  I didn’t change any of the steps or measurements, except used shrimp and tilapia fish pieces instead of the chicken because that’s all I had.

Loved this recipe!  I did modify using leftover turkey breast and brown rice.  I do not care for fish sauce so we eliminated that and added ginger.  Wonderful flavors!  I consider the 4 cups of brown rice with veggies as 4 servings.  

Will definitely make again.

Love this dish when made with a little less oil. When made as directed, it comes out a little greasy, so be careful! We froze it and when thawed, the rice sort of went to mush.  Flavor is great, but we will undercook the rice next time and reduce oil by a couple tablespoons if we are going to freeze it.

Oh my! This was so flavorful! I followed the recipe but for adding 2 tbls of soy sauce as other suggested. The preparation was daunting and several times I thought this is not going to work but, sticking with the instructions yielded a fragrant & beautiful dish. It seemed identical to the dish we had at our favorite Thai restaurant in Charlotte, NC. I will definitely prepare this again!

A perfect blueprint for fried rice.  However, I fried the rice first (on low for 30 minutes) to get it extra crispy.  I removed the rice to the serving bowl, proceeding with the rest of the recipe, including 2 extra tablespoons of soy as recommended by Carey.  I mixed the crispy rice back in at the end.  Off heat, basil & cilantro.

I love this!  Followed the recipe and it turned out awesome!  Will make again and again

