The recipe author basically says to adjust to your own taste, so I bumped up the red curry paste (it has a kick), cut back on the red pepper flakes, and the spiciness was just about perfect!  By all means, use rice vinegar, IMO it's really important to the authentic flavor of this salad.  I did add a little bit of chopped cilantro, otherwise, followed the recipe.  Enjoyed, this is a really nice and easy addition to an Asian meal.

Great salad! Loved the salad dressing although I did reduce the sugar and red pepper flakes by half and added additional 1/2 lb. carrots. Everything else remained the same. Thanks so much for sharing this wonderful recipe.

Very sweet. I cut down all the dressing in half and it's still a little wet. I'd also add some more peanuts by doubling the amount.

It’s great but I agree w/ others regarding too much liquid. I like spicy so I doubled the red pepper flakes & it was perfect. I don’t do tame food.

Way too much liquid, even when I used 2 lb of carrots. Also too sweet for my taste. If I make it again, I will reduce water, vinegar, and sugar by half and maybe the crushed red pepper. Adjust to taste with a little salt and pepper after chilling.

I didn’t have white sugar so I used raw sugar and it still turned out perfect!  Love the flavors and so did my family.  This was a home run!

I've never cared for raw carrots, but this salad is utterly addictive. I can eat it several times a week and it never gets boring. Thanks so much for sharing!

This is a very easy and wonderful recipe..  Tried to make it the first time without curry paste. Had Chili Garlic Sauce in the frig.  Big mistake.  
Do think it is much better made a day ahead. 
Also, serve nuts separately.   Nuts are kind of a personal preference as to how man, if any.  Like the look of them on the plate not coated with dressing.  Think the salad keeps better in the frig without them.

It was quick to prepare,refreshing,and a good side for any Asian dish. Next time I'll double the carrots because there was too much sauce.

I thought the vinegar dressing was  a lot of volume but worth it! I made it with a spicy Thai coconut chicken soup.

