Very flavorful and easy to make. Substituted dried Japones since I didn't have chili padi. They added just the right amount of subtle heat. I was not sure about the maple syrup, but it blended nicely with all of the other sauces without an overly maple flavor. I did add a can of sliced water chestnuts that added a nice crunch to the dish. This is a recipe I will use again and again.

We love almost all of Chef John's recipes and we really wanted to love this dish but the sodium level was far too high to be enjoyable. I used low sodium soy sauce, and added more vegetables to help dissipate the flavor but it was still too salty. There are many other similar recipes with less sodium that are far more delicious.

This recipe was excellent!!!!  It was a tight comparison to the pad kee moew aka drunken noodles from my favorite neighborhood Thai restaurant.  I actually like this one better honestly!  I followed everything in this recipe exactly as written w the exception of the stir fried veggies.  To make it most like my fav Thai place, I added broccoli, red bell pepper, onion, zucchini, mushrooms, carrots Napa cabbage & added a chopped heirloom tomato to sweat down when I added the Thai basil leaves that I picked from the herb garden.   It was even excellent the next day w the leftovers for lunch.  This recipe is definitely a keeper!!

We made it with low sodium soy sauce and added stevia instead of sugar.  Made double because I had extra chicken and rice noodles. Also substituted spinach for broccoli. I guess it was a hit! We loved it but if you want to reduce the salty flavor add a little more sugar and maple syrup.

Outstanding, my only problem was the noddles needs to be a little softer I soak in warm water for 15 min then add to dish but i cook the dish a little longer to soften up the noddles. I did not fine it salty at all and the favor way great. My family said this is a winner please make this one again.

Drunken noodles has been my favorite dish to order at Thai restaurants. This version of it is perfect! I could have been at any Thai restaurant, but making this at home was a revelation! Loved the hydrated noodles. The Thai basil was delicious. I made ours with baked tofu, sweet peppers, and chili flakes, plus some standard broccoli and cauliflower. Next time I will definitely use bok choy, I just didn’t have it on hand.

This was overwhelmingly salty. Maybe it was the brands of fish/oyster/soy sauce I used? No one could eat it, even me and I love salt…however it had so much potential to be great. I am going to try it again and figure out how to lessen the sodium while still getting the flavor profile of the sauces.

Excellent!  I could not find the Thai basil, so I used regular basil, and I could not find Chinese broccoli anywhere. Still, I made everything else as directed and it was fabulous!  Great flavors!!

I made this and loved it! Used some tips from the reviews- cut back on the amount of soy sauce and I used two peppers which was the right amount of heat for my taste. Thank you, looking forward to more recipes from Chef John and Allrecipes!

I made this yesterday. It comes together very quickly so make sure you’ve got your noodles ready! Also, I only used three small Thai chilies and it was HOT. I’d cut back on the heat personally. But that’s personal preference. Otherwise, it was delicious and makes enough to feed four easily. I also used regular fresh basil because I didn’t have Thai basil. It was fine. I enjoyed the recipe.

It was fantastic, next time I will add peanuts.  Other than that, perfect

