Delicious!!!! My first time making Massaman Curry. It is a favorite when I go to Thai restaurants, but this recipe knocked it out of the park. Pretty easy to make at home too.

It is very easy to make. The flavor is very mild and if your into not having a curry flavor this is your dealFor me I had to double the curry, ginger, lemongrass and pen it butter. I added lemon juice 1/4 cup

It is very easy to make. The flavor is very mild and if your into not having a curry flavor this is your dealFor me I had to double the curry, ginger, lemongrass and pen it butter. I added lemon juice 1/4 cup

Too bland! The Maesri Masaman Curry Paste has instructions which say to use the whole can (6 Tbsp) with 500ml coconut milk, 400g chicken, and 200g potatoes. But this recipe has you use only 4 Tbsp of the paste with more milk, way more chicken, and more potatoes. The delicious Masaman taste I was expecting got very diluted. (I wish I had noticed the instructions on the paste before I started.)

This was a bit of an intense recipe (high touch) for a crock pot recipe, but it turned out pretty good! The flavor isn't quite as peanut-y as I would hope, but it turned into a well balanced "gravy". Unlike the other reviewer,I thought this yielded alot of sauce (we like alot of sauce too). I'm definitely going to cook this again, but adding more peanut butter next time.

This was my first time making this recipe, and it was absolutely delicious.

Delicious!!!! My first time making Massaman Curry. It is a favorite when I go to Thai restaurants, but this recipe knocked it out of the park. Pretty easy to make at home too.

Very tasty!  I think it could use a little more coconut milk and peanut butter (we like more sauce to go with the rice) and less/no lemon juice (too sour for our taste), and might not need the brown sugar if the peanut butter contains sugar.  I seasoned the chicken pieces with some salt and pepper, garlic powder, ginger paste, and corn starch (to make it more tender) before browning in coconut oil.  A Thai relative taught me to sautés the curry paste in coconut cream (the top/cream portion of the coconut milk) with ginger slices for a minute to bring out maximum flavor before adding the other ingredients.  I also added more veggies in the curry.  Overall a great recipe—Thank you!

So good. I followed the recipe exactly as presented and it was great. I would add some Thai Basil along with the peanuts and brown sugar.

I enjoy cooking new dishes, and I loved this one! I added fresh mushrooms, and a touch of cumin and cayenne, having explored some other similar recipes. Served with jasmine rice, it made a great meal.

