I used this sauce for a chicken and rice noodle dish.  Excellent!  Added a whole can of cocounut milk and reduced peanut butter to about 1/2 cup to 3/4 cup.  Also added two tablespoons of sugar.  Omitted the cilantro.  Excellent.  I will make this again and again. (This makes enough sauce for 1 pound of rice noodles, therefore a main dish for 4 people or two famished people. I also used two chicken breasts cut into long pieces and stir fried them in evoo before adding the sauce).

For a vegetarian option:  Steam some carrots and green beans in place of the chicken breast.   Then in a skillet, saute 3 cloves of garlic with 1 tablespoon of grated ginger.  When the ginger starts to turn pale brown on the bottom of the skillet, throw in the green beans and carrots with a splash of water to deglaze.  After this step, throw in the cooked noodles and then work in the peanut sauce.

This recipe is nearly worthless as written. It is WAY too thick and WAY too peanut buttery - it just tastes like barely watered down peanut butter. The good thing is it's easy to play around with and improve. I doubled the ginger, lime juice, soy sauce (low sodium), and coconut milk (lite), added some lime zest, copious amounts of chile garlic sauce, and several tablespoons of hoisin sauce, chucked in about a full cup of chopped cilantro, and thinned it with additional water. That made for a finger-licking good peanut sauce. I served it over whole wheat spaghetti with tender-crisp veggies (bell pepper, snap peas, scallions, broccoli) and pan fried tofu squares.

Solid recipe. The negative responses all have the same objection: the sauce is not sweet. This recipe is closer to an actual Thai recipe opposed to American Thai which always has added sugar to appeal to the American “palate”. The negative and at times combative reviews are more a reflection of the writer/cook than the recipe. I will be bookmarking your site.

Used 1 cup of coconut milk and 1 cup of peanut butter. Also added 2 tablespoons of sugar, but the salt almost overpowered it. This is definitely not what we usually have in Thai restaurants. More savory than sweet.

we made shrimp with this.  its easier to dip a spoonful of peanut butter on whatever you mske. if you really really like peanut butter this recipe is for you

I have to agree with the one star reviews- way too much peanut butter- super thick. If you have to doctor it so much to make it decent then find a different recipe. I just wasted ingredients and can’t eat the result.

This was easy to make but found the finished product to be salty. Next time I wo Cut back on soy or fish sauce.

I have tried several recipes to find a match for the peanut sauce I fell in love with at a Saturday Market in Oregon. I no longer live there and I miss it. This recipe is dead on.

Added more coconut milk to thin

So I wasn’t sure how I felt about this - But my family absolutely loved it! We often buy a peanut coconut sauce that Whole Foods makes - and everyone swore up and down that this homemade version was way better. That said, I followed the recipe but based on other reviewers suggestions - I added a whole can of coconut milk and then adjusted a tad with brown sugar. Note: I started with natural organic peanut butter - where In the ingredients - it just says peanuts & oil. As a result, I added a spoonful of brown sugar for added flavor. Also, I didn’t have any fresh cilantro but I substituted for dried cilantro. I will say that herb gave it a lot of extra kick that was needed. Also, I allowed it to chill in the fridge for over an hour. It definitely tasted better after that as well. By increasing to a whole can of coconut milk - there’s enough sauce for multiple servings. Many thanks for this recipe!!

Love allrecipes

