This was easy and very tasty.  I used basmati rice also and dry curry powder.  I didn't have lemon grass, but did top with green onions.

Rice was mushy, but flavor was good.  If I make this again, I would use less water.

This one didn't thrill us. As written, there wasn't much flavor, so I tried increasing the flavorful ingredients, but we just weren't happy with the end result.

Yum

Everyone in my family loved this. I had trouble finding lemongrass stalks and fresh curry leaves, so I substituted the lemongrass with zest of one lemon and the fresh curry with dried curry. Even with the substitutions, it came out great.

The ingredients are great, I'm not too sure about these measurements however. I thought it needed more lemongrass and it was waay to sticky for my taste; more like risotto than rice. I took out a whole cup of water too and it was still that way. Where the heck do you buy curry leaves anyway? I had to leave that out but was still pretty good regardless.

Rice was mushy, but flavor was good.  If I make this again, I would use less water.

This is a very easy recipe and tastes really good. The rice when cooked has a mild yet flavourful and authentic Thai taste. It will compliment any spicy curry like a Thai red curry. However the only modification I would make is to add about half tsp of salt and maybe another lemon grass stalk. Will definitely be making it again.

This was awesome. I used Basmati rice and dried curry leaves (Can't get Fresh ones here) and picked the Thai Basil fresh from my garden. Served it with a Thai Noodle salad and Panang Beef curry.  This rice complimented the curry nicely. Served it to company who we had for their first Thai Dinner. There were NO leftovers !

Tasty...  I added 1 tsp. of brown sugar and I used brown rice  instead of jasmine, which took a good 45 minutes more to cook  and I had to keep adding water 1/2 cup at a time, so next time I'll precook the rice in a rice cooker... then I threw is some cubed tofu at the end.

This was easy and very tasty.  I used basmati rice also and dry curry powder.  I didn't have lemon grass, but did top with green onions.

