Super duper delicious.  The mixture of peanut butter and red curry is divine.  We gobbled it up.  I used only 3/4 cup peanut butter, and that was the most I would advise using.  I also used ancho chili powder instead of cayenne, I skipped the fish and sesame oils, and I used only two cans of coconut milk for a thicker sauce.  I added in Thai basil and lots of veggies such as carrots, onions, zucchini, water chestnuts and those mini-corn things.

Sounded terrific, but it was way too peanut-buttery for my taste. I added more coconut milk and some more spices, but it pretty much tasted like noodles coated in peanut butter.

Maybe I didn’t reduce the recipe proportionately but I thought it was bland.

This was amazing! I didn't have red curry paste so I used 2 heaping tablespoons of regular curry and more cayenne pepper. Thank you for a delicious recipe!

I can't give this a fair rating because I modified a few things, but for a recipe base, it worked fabulously! The things I changed were: curry powder instead of chili powder; cartoned sweetened coconut milk (Silk). I wanted to use this sauce for a chicken curry base, so I sauted bone-in skin-on chicken thighs that were first liberally coated in salt, pepper, and curry powder, then once browned I removed the thighs, and continued the recipe as normal using the chicken drippings. I added some roasted peanuts while everything simmered. The final result was incredible!

After reading a ton of the reviews, I dropped the coconut milk to two cans and the peanut butter to 2/3’s of a cup. Then, because we like the burn, added three teaspoons of the chili paste as well as a couple of splashes more of hot chili oil. Absolutely fabulous!!! The bonus is the sauce is great in the rice as well as the satay!!

My picky-eater ,33yr old son loved this recipe!  it is better then our goto Taste of Thai Peanut curry sauce!

The sauce was too thick, and didn't have the same flavor profile as in restaurants  .

It was perfect!! It’s just like the Asian restaurant’s peanut dressing I adore.

I only had yellow curry and regular sugar. It was still really good, I used natural peanut butter which I would most definitely recommend. I added super Thai hot chili and a squeeze of half a lime before serving with pad Thai noodles. It was good!

Modified the amounts of spices and peanut butter to taste. Great recipe, my family loved it.

