Lovely! Tastes very authentic. Use holy basil if available for the killer taste. I also tried adding more red pepper flakes and then realized I should just use chilli powder instead to bring more colour and bring up the spice level...and yes it did the trick! Added broccoli and red peppers to make this a definite make again dish! :)

Some tips to make it more authentic. Use fresh, spicy chilies. Use galangal/Thai ginger, not regular ginger. Use holy basil/Thai basil not the Italian basil. Use regular oil, not olive oil.

I did add some stuff. I reduced the chicken from two pounds to half a pound. I think most recipes overdo the meat for my taste. To make up for the reduced meat, I added what I had: broccoli, bell pepper, and snow peas. If I was doing it again, I think I'd increase the sauce. Not sure I'd double it. I'll have to play with it to see what works.On the other hand, from my experience with the changes I made, I feel pretty certain the original recipe would have been just fine. One thing the changes I made did I think was to take away some of the spotlight on the basil.

This is terrible. It has all the normal ingredients you would expect in a Thai dish and I followed the recipe exactly as written . It had a strange taste that even my husband couldn’t handle and he eats everything. Not at all authentic

I did tweak this a bit, but I like this recipe a lot because it allows room for some personalization. First, I blended the sauce ingredients together in the vitamix and added a huge handful of cashews to it. I'm not sure this changed the flavor all that much, but it did make the sauce thicker, which some reviewers had complained about this recipe being too soupy. I agree with many others who said they used the whole can of coconut milk, I think this is absolutely necessary! I did not experience a soupy result at all, after reducing. I thought it was just perfect. I reduced the rice vinegar by 1 TB and juiced one lime into the wok at the very end of cooking instead. Also, I did add about 2 TB of sugar during cooking, which I'm glad I did. I did not find the fish sauce to be too salty or too overpowering (just don't try the sauce before cooking it!). Anyway, we loved it. Everyone went back for seconds, even my toddler!

I used what I had on hand. Replaced the following: shallots for onion, whorshehire sauce for fish sauce, red chili sauce for red pepper flakes.  Topped rice with Swiss chard then the chicken stir fry.

For how easy this recipe was, I was blown away with the depth of flavor. The ginger really shines. I stuck pretty close to the recipe, only subbing gochugaru for red pepper flakes, since it goes so well with asian cuisine. Will be making again!

I cut the red pepper flake amount in half and I didn't have shitake mushrooms on hand so replaced them with snowpeas since I had them.  Oh, and I added a Plymouth gin martini.  Perfection!

Delicious!! I did add a little sugar, but otherwise followed the recipe. Will definitely make this again soon!

Had great flavor.  Next time, I’ll take the onion, garlic, ginger mix out of the pan. Add a bit more oil, then sauté the chicken. Mine didn’t brown at all.

Delicious!  I added red bell pepper which enhanced the taste.

