At the suggestion of the old dude at the local Asian market, I first heated up the oil and added a 4 oz can of panang curry paste with 2 decent-sized crushed garlic cloves, then added sliced chicken and cooked very slowly on low heat until nearly done.  I then added 1 TBS of fish sauce, torn/bruised lime leaves (and removed when serving), 1 TBS of palm sugar, and 2 cans of coconut milk and simmered until the sauce thickened slightly, about 10-15 mins.  Turned out wonderful and fragrant, and the smell alone had my neighbors asking what I was making, drooling over my front door.

For us it was way too hot!  I wish I had read more reviews before making i.

To be fair, I did tweak things a bit based upon other reviewers since I didn't have all of the exact ingredients, but I thought it was WAY too hot regardless of the overall flavor.  I'd have to make some significant adjustments to make this again.

Who would have thought I'd be able to make Panang curry that tastes better than the local restaurant! This is the 7th new dish I've made in 2023. Heres to the coming year of new taste sensations!

The dish came out great, but I made some changes along the way.  Before adding the curry paste, I sautéed half a sliced onion and a minced Thai chili pepper.   Then threw in a few cloves of garlic and then sautéed the Panang curry paste.  Next, I added the chicken into the mix for a bit.  At that point I added the coconut milk and cooked another 10 minutes before adding the sugar, fish sauce (only 1 Tbsp,) and makrut lime leaves.  Also, since I was using a light coconut milk, I added just a smidgen of corn starch for a little body.  Family thought it smelled and tasted just like the restaurant version we're used to.

Loved this recipe and once the paste is made you have it for other meals. Some ingredients were a bit difficult to find but worth it. I used only 4 Tb of paste as I can’t handle to spicy and was very happy.

I’m giving this recipe 5 stars although I had to change some ingredients due to availability.  I took the advice of one of the reviews/cooks and fired the curry paste with crushed garlic 1st then added the chicken.  For more tender chicken used boneless skinless chicken thighs.  Not having lime leaves I used lime zest towards the end of the curry cooking process but before adding veggies.  Added a frozen veggie ?medley at the end and served it with jasmine rice.  My daughter said the chicken was delicious and I agree... cooking it 1st with the fried paste and garlic made a huge difference. It Infused the flavors through the chicken.  This will definitely be a staple in our house.

This was an excellent dish. I smoked the curry spices in the skillet first, then added the diced chicken to sear on one side for 4 minutes. I then turned the chicken pieces over, and moved it to one side of the pan before adding the other ingredients.  I did not have coconut milk, so I used 1 can of Evaporated milk with 1 cup heavy cream.  In addition, I added 1/2 diced red pepper, 2 cups of broccoli, 1 tbs. Lime, 4 green onions diced, 10 Chinese spinach leaves, and my preferred spicy chili crisp.  I covered it and simmered for 15 minutes and served it over Jasmine Rice.  Using Evaporated milk and heavy cream was actually very light, but the flavors were intense.  I copied the recipe and will certainly make it again.

This is a really good starter recipe for Thai curry. The backbone of most these dishes is the curry, coconut milk, fish sauce and peppers. All can, and should, be adjusted to taste, you can sub on the peppers with other heat sources. It's worth experimenting with various bell peppers (green, red and yellow), fresh basil, mint (both giving the famous one-two punch that good Thai cooking should have. Any protein can sub in for the chicken.

I made it as described but did add some red bell pepper strips at the end and garnished with sliced avocado.  A restaurant we frequented in NYC when we lived there had Panang Avocado on the menu, and this gets very close to that -- really delicious!

This was my first time making Panang, but the family loved it.

