This is an awesome recipe! I have made this several times, and have tried a few different things to suit this to my taste. You can add curry for a little more spice, if you'd like, but it is wonderful on its own. I have learned you definitely need to use all natural peanut butter, it makes a huge difference to the taste. Also, I use the crunchy kind, so no need to add peanuts! I'm going to try this in a wrap with chicken and veggies and I know it will be superb!

I made this twice, once as written and once with garlic chili sauce instead of siracha.  Both sauces were good, but not great and the flavors of both spices were a little different for me.  I prefer my heat via crushed red pepper flakes.   I also used about 1/2 a can of coconut milk to achieve my desired thickness.

Loved It same as the bbq place we go to

If it is from Chef John, it has to be great.  I also made his Beef Satay to go with it.  Great combination.

This is pretty close to what my thai restaurant serves. They don't use the fish sauce so I left it out. My local asian market sells the smaller cans of coconut milk but I bought 2 just in case I wanted it a little thinner. I used part of that second can. I also felt mine needed a bit of a floral note so I added a bit of fresh grated ginger. I also added the garlic and ginger to the heated coconut milk to help cook it a bit. I ended up needing a smidge more soy because of the lack of fish sauce, but overall this was a great!

So yummy!  Definitely (& obviously!) peanut-forward, so will probably add a bit more of the seasonings to give it even more kick.

I thought this was bland. I had to add more sri racha,  soy sauce, and brown sugar. Next time I'll try using just half a cup of peanut butter to the same other ingredients, so there's less of it.

Really delicious! I was worried it would be too "nutty" but the liquids in the recipe off set it quite nicely. I was forced to substitute some ingredients, starting with low sodium / low fat peanut butter. Lemon Juice instead of the lime, oyster sauce instead of fish, and a 2:1 coconut cream to normal milk mix . Despite, or maybe because of (?) these changes it was was superb as a dip for some garlic chicken wings.

Delicious! My family loved this sauce! I served it over sautéed shrimp, red peppers, zucchini and rice. Definitely recommend!

Marinating my beef now. I made the peanut sauce and did not see to use a 5.6 oz can of coconut milk until I used a full 13.5 oz one (Ampawa is the best.).  I checked with my large chain grocery store.  They don't sell one and I frequent my Asian grocery and besides having 8 or 9 brands to choose, I don't remember seeing one that small.

Perfect to go with the beef satay! Just beware on the amount of coconut milk, that is not a normal size can.

