Good basic recipe, although you really want to start off frying the paste first with the oil for a couple minutes and then add the creamy part of the coconut milk.  Let the two mix better.  I also didn't add peanut butter, because I think that's cheating kind of and another user complained about the thickness of the curry (I like mine soupy, too).  I would just use peanuts, throwing them in with the potatoes or at the end, and maybe peanut oil to fry it all up with.

White chicken, white potatoes, white coconut milk, white rice... too many white foods.  Flavor was good, but the dish was bland in color and texture.  I'll make this recipe again, but next time, I'll include colorful veggies and crunchy textures.

I made this and even ate it again as left-overs. But it was just OK. Not particularly flavorful and takes a long time to prepare, what with the chopping and mincing and making the tamarind paste. I won't be making it again.

This is utter perfection and sooo quick to make!  I like to make mine with broccoli and sweet potato, and I cut the fish sauce down to 1 tblsp.  I also use 1 tblsp tamarind concentrate instead of tamarind paste cuz it's way less obnoxious to deal with.

Good, but a bit sour. Next time I’ll cut back to half the tamarind paste, and ended up adding a 4th TBSP brown sugar to sweeten a bit. Left out the lime altogether.

There is simply way too much peanut butter.   Instead of being a background flavour to enhance the curry and spice,  it blankets it.  Also,  it should look redder with a tinge of oil.....instead the PB is over powering and makes it look brown.  I would switch the PB to one tablespoon.

Recipe was great! I added a dash of cinnamon. Came out really good!

Good recipe.... I too, added carrots and onions, along with some sweet potatoes. Next time I make this I will add some red, yellow and orange bell peppers and some chili paste. I felt like it needed some spicy heat. As this was cooking I added some water to loosen it up a bit.... came out perfect. Served it with brown rice, fresh basil and crushed peanuts.

Wanted to learn to make this after my fiance tried it at a Thai restaurant and, no joke, this tasted EXACTLY like where we ordered from! The only change I made was to add a teaspoon of sesame seed oil. I did it the first time simply because I was missing some peanut butter, but then when I made it again without, I did find myself missing it so I recommend the addition if you have it.

Excellent

Made this without the peanut butter, used raw cashews added mixed Asian stir fry that i had on hand , and ditched the potatoe. Cubed up a couple of firm Avacados instead and tossed them in just as I was taking the wok off the heat. Spiced it up with some chili garlic paste. Delish! 5 stars for the way mine turned out

