Okay I LOVE thai food and I was very skeptical about this dish especially with the word "authentic" but I must say this is beyond DELICIOUS!!! I followed the recipe exactly and this is a WINNER!!!!

I paid attention to those who thought it was too sweet and reduced the amount of sugar I used. Mistake. With the tamarind paste and vinegar, the amount of sugar in the recipe is appropriate.

As some of the others stated, I followed the recipe exactly as written and it turned out beautiful.  We thoroughly enjoyed this dish and will be making it again soon!  Next time, I will add some thawed stir fry veggies!

This tastes JUST like the Pad Thai at our local Thai house and I want to jump for joy! My husband wanted it a bit spicier so he added some sriracha.

I was reluctant to spend the money for fish sauce and tamarind paste (had to go to a specialty Asian market) because I didn't know if I'd like this, but it is restaurant quality. Next time I make it, I'll soak the noodles the full 60 minutes because I had to cook them longer, and it caused the pad thai to get a little dry. I added a tiny bit of water and put a lid on to create steam, and that helped soften them. Instead of lime on the side, I sprinkled a little lime juice right into it, and I also put the bean sprouts in to cook a little. I am really pleased with how it turned out. Will make it again!

I used the recipe basically as it was written, although I used good quality crunchy peanut butter instead of peanuts.   I am afraid that I didnt like the result. The sauce was too strongly vinegary and sweet and the overall dish was very claggy and sickly.

Like others said; WAY too much vinegar, and too sweet

This was exactly what I was hoping for!  I followed the recipe except to boil the noodles for four minutes as directed on the package.  I also used Tamarind Concentrate rather than paste, so I converted it with one Tbl Tamarind and 3 Tbl water. I served it with bean sprouts on the bottom, noodles next and topped it off with peanuts, green onions and a lime wedge. I added a dab of garlic chili sauce for a little kick.Noodles were perfect, and the taste was right on the money!!!  I'll be making this over and over again!!

I will say that the noodles I used needed to be soaked for 2 hours rather than just one (according to the package). I only did one, and the noodles came out quite chewy. Also, the sauce wound up being a bit too thick the first time I made this recipe, so I added a full 1 cup of chicken stock to the sauce and that fixed both the noodle chewiness and dryness perfectly! I feel like the chicken stock also pulled the flavors together better the second time I made this recipe. The look, the flavor, the mouth feel - perfectly authentic! The lime juice and a bit of sriracha sauce just really finish the flavor profile for this yummy dish. =9

Ever since my favorite Thai restaurant/grocery burned down, I’ve been looking for pad Thai sauce.  All the other readymade sauces I’ve tried are not quite right so I decided to make my own.  I ordered tamarind concentrate instead of paste from Amazon not realizing my error but it was fine.  This sauce is delicious, but use sparingly as the flavors are intense.

Easy to make. Just assemble the parts (noodles,  chicken, sauce, egg and garlic, toppers)  Since I don't like my noodles too aldente, will probably boil them for a short time before putting everything together. And...Next time I'll get a photo; Hubs couldn't get the green onions and sprouts...looks real dull with no green, but is delicious! Am enjoying it with slices of pickled ginger

