HELPFUL TIPS NOT MENTIONED: Being Asian, cooking rice is a skill I guess you're born with because I totally don't see why ANYONE had issues with burning the rice, it being uncooked, soggy, or whatever.  I cook rice the same way each time, and it comes out perfect. In saucepan, combine rice, coconut milk, water, sugar & salt. Basically the liquids should reach the area RIGHT BEFORE your cuticle (middle of the white semi-circle on your finger nail but not reaching your cuticle).  This is also assuming you've got the rice in the pot leveled, and the tip of your index finger is touching the top of the rice NOT the bottom of the pan.  This is at least how I was raised to always know how much water to put in rice for it to always come out right. Bring to boil then simmer covered for 20 min. You cook until rice is tender.  After 20 minutes, if there is still liquid or a bit soggy, I turn up the heat a tad, cover, and cook until absorbed and fluffy.  It's not rocket science! Always works!  Nothing difficult! Then mix in almonds accents (found in salad section, basically a bag of seasoned almonds to top salads) which adds the right amount of flavor to accompany the coconut taste.  BTW, my husband was not a big fan of this.  I was, but I LOVE rice and the coconut flavor.  We ate it with some japanese wings.

I realize that this recipe is supposed to have a very subtle coconut flavor, but I was looking for a real bang for my buck since I was serving this with my Polynesian themed dinner, so for extra flavor I stirred in a few drops of coconut extract and a handful of sweetened shredded coconut.  With that it came out perfect- exactly what I was looking for.  Thanks for sharing the recipe.

It was really good. I didn't make any changes other than using a rice maker.

I was super skeptical at the cooking instructions; add rice to the cold water/coconut milk?? But! Followed! This totally worked! This was amazing! It was a bit sweet - even using unsweetened coconut milk - but if served with a spicy main dish, would compliment beautifully!! Garnished with fresh, chopped cilantro. Will keep and make again! Thanks SILVREZS!

We make this all the time.   My kids love it.  The only change is we just throw everything in a rice cooker and let it work its magic.  Comes out perfect!

Tried to take a pic of the finished product but was all gone by the time I found my phone for the pic!! LOVE LOVE LOVE it! So easy to make and is a real winner in our home :)

Great, easy recipe.  Whole family loved it.  Went great with coconut tilapia.

This was a big hit! Very delicious! Made as recipe written.

Easy and quick... I liked this my marinated Ahi Tuna steak... gives a nice, Thai-like flavor.

I was looking for a side dish to compliment my Thai chicken recipe and this fit the bill perfectly.  Had to adjust the sugar and salt to taste, but the toasted coconut topping put this over the top!  I can't wait to make it again.

Great recipe!  For more coconut flavor I added unsweetened shredded coconut I’ve also put some pineapple in there.  Gives it a little tangy flavor.

