Holy smokes, this was AWESOME!!!  My boyfriend snarfed it, and I loved it, too.  My sister wasn't too hot about the chunks of lemongrass.  I liked them, but if they bother you, you can always buy lemongrass paste, I suppose.  Anyways, this was fast, easy, and total comfort food.  Great recipe!

I used only 2 cans of coconut milk and this was still too much (I love coconut anything). Next time I would only use one and would also add waaay more lime juice (to give it that sweet and sour Thai flavour), more lemongrass, and possibly some lime leaves and fresh Thai chilies. I also added two heads of bok choy to make it more of a meal, which turned out well.

UPDATE: I have a new way of making this soup that has put it in regular rotation. Skip the oil, slice the ginger and lemongrass and throw all ingredients in the left column, plus 4 cups water in a large pot. Let simmer for a bit while you prep the rest, then scoop out the ginger and lemongrass with a slotted spoon. Add regular mushrooms (not shiitakes) and 1 can of coconut milk. After mushrooms have softened a bit add a package of vermicelli rice noodles. When the noodles are done, throw in a small package of whole snap peas, prawns, and lime juice and turn off the heat. Let it sit for a couple of minutes until the prawns are cooked and the peas are bright green. Top with cilantro and serve.

Made this a while ago and it is robust in flavor, feels like home, and is comfort food with an elegance to it. I had to find it again for the day after Thanksgiving as something different for my family. Thanks for sharing this recipe, it is the BEST THAI COCONUT SOUP I've had and I've traveled a lot.

This was good, but I think 3 coconut milks would have been too much.  I only used 2.  The garnish of cilantro and lime juice is what made it.

DELICIOUS!!  Exactly what I was craving.  Don’t be afraid to use the fish sauce.  It’s taste is subtle but adds depth to the soup’s flavor

Great recipe!Full of rich flavour ..only modification I made was adding chicken along with the shrimp .

BEST ever!!!

The flavors on this were really good, and we will be making a revised version soon.  Otherwise, this was too, too thin [and I only used 2 cans of coconut milk!]  We will be cooking the rice in the soup from here on out, rather than trying to serve it over rice.  I think this will solve the problem.

My husband said this was the “best soup I’ve ever made” and I make a lot of soup. I loved it too. Huge win.

This soup was amazing!. I did change a couple of things.. I used baked tofu instead of shrimp, then I also added thinly sliced red pepper, onion, and a clove of garlic. I only had green curry paste on hand and I like heat, so I thinly sliced a jalapeno pepper and some cayenne. Since there was so much liquid, I poured it over jasmine rice. Definitely a keeper!

This Thai coconut soup is amazing. We tweeked some of the ingredients like another jar of the red curry paste for extra spicy flavor & more salt but everyone in my family loves it. Full of flavor. I think we added extra mushrooms the second time we made it since we love mushrooms. There was plenty leftover to freeze for later after we ate on it for two days.

