We loved this recipe ~ instead of using pork chops, we used pork tenderloin which we marinated with olive oil, cumin, ginger, cayenne and garlic then grilled the whole tenderloin and served it with the peanut sauce over rice.  Delicious !!!

My family quite enjoyed this  - but I have to say I found the peanut sauce a little overpowering. I would probably make this again, but add a bit more coconut milk or water to the sauce.

Made this with pork tenderloin sliced into 1" pieces and stir fried it with some chopped red onion, garlic,  and chopped baby bok choy and the spices.  Made the peanut sauce and mixed it together right before serving, was excellent!

Excellent recipe.  And pretty easy, but no way is the prep time 7 minutes.  Then again I added fresh garlic and fresh ginger to the sauce, so maybe that’s why.  Def worth the extra effort to do so.

I didn't feel the peanut butter taste came through very well...not bad, but not quite up to my expectations.

I didn't change a thing in the recipe.  It's soooo good.  My husband and I both loved it.  I will definitely make this again!

While just finishing up on Whole30, I was able to adapt this recipe to keep me from returning to non-compliant foods; however, I needed to convince my husband I did so as it was THAT good!  How did I find this recipe? Even easier than making it...I typed in my leftovers - pork roast - and added ingredients I had on hand, including red peppers, scallions, and peanuts.  I knew then I could make the best version I could with what I had.   A keeper for us.

The flavor was just okay. Nothing special.

Lovely combination of flavors.

Love this recipe.!!! Because I always want to be sure the pork meat is well done, after frying it,I put it in the oven 20 minutes,  350F covered with aluminum. If it is well covered, doesn’t get dry. I served with white rice.

I had about 1.5 pounds of cubed pork tenderloin but this sounded good so I tossed the cubed pork in the flour/cumin/cayenne (instead of flour used 50% flour/50% cornstarch) and dried on paper towels.  I then made the  sauce (tripled it--which was too much, as some other reviewer said---next time will double it).  It really needs all the garnishes of red bell pepper, green onions, peanuts and cilantro.  It was REALLY good!  Only tossed the amount of meat that we were going to eat that night in the sauce and stored the sauce separate from the meat so it wouldn't get soggy.  Very good and different.  (Trader Joe's carries the coconut milk!)

