Very good appetizer.  I made a few modifications, though.  I couldn't find thai red chile sauce, so I subsituted a honey-teriyaki.  I also added crushed red pepper to spice it up.  Also, instead of balls, I formed an oblonged type shaped.  Once cooked (in an 400 degree oven rather than frying), I inserted wooden skewers for easy handling.  Try drizzling extra sauce over the skewers once plated and set a bowl of sauce on the side for dipping.  A big hit at the New Years Eve party I attended this year.  Thanks Vivian!

We weren't impressed. The texture wasn't very pleasant, the cilantro was too much even for us (and we LOVE cilantro), plus the balls needed some kind of sauce (I only had sweet and sour sauce on hand, and I didn't think it would go too well). Ah well...

This recipe was pretty simple to make because I love being able to place all of the ingredients into a large bowl and simply mix everything together. That being said, I did add pink salt and rainbow peppercorns for the dry seasoning as well as small red chili peppers and lime zest for the wet seasoning. I added ground pork to the ground chicken and a few eggs also.  This recipe was more like an herb meatball vs Thai.  If I make them again I'll omit the sweet chili sauce and simply use it as a dip instead.

Outstanding!  I used less cilantro and added a few cloves of fresh minced garlic.  I tossed the meatball in the sweet chili sauce and served with white rice and fresh peas!

Too bland. It needs some salt.

Didn't have cilantro or corrinder so swapped with dill and cumin. Love sweet chili sauce so added a bit more to mix. I cooked mine in my air fryer which made it so easy to flip the balls. Was a hit with the family.

These were bland even with dipping sauce.  I'll make again but add some more flavoring.

It was easy to make and follow. Absolutely delicious!!

Used the recipe to make Thai Turkey burgers and pot them on the grill.  Amazing!! I did add an egg to ensure they stayed together.  The whole family loved them.

Followed a lot of the recommendations for spice options to avoid making it too spicy but still have flavor. It was just okay. The suggestion to bake them was good a good one, it worked really well. They needed some sauce, so I made a sauce w/ coconut milk, I added red chili sauce, red curry paste, ginger and a small amt of soy sauce. It was a good addition. I don't think I would make them again.

It was easy and tasty, everyone loved it! I think next time I'll add some ground lemongrass to add to the flavor!

