This dish is pretty good. I made a double batch because I had guest coming, and I had lots of pork to use, I also added an onion. I think the cooking time is a bit long. Also it wasn't too spicy, which is okay because kids were also eating it and they liked it just how it was. But the adults added more red pepper flakes at the table. I was worried it was going to be "too" spicy because of other reviews, but it ended up to be too mild! This kind of food is supposed to be spicy. I also think one more piece of advice would be not to put in the peppers until later because mine were very soggy. I would make this again, but I would add the fresh peppers later, lessen the cooking time, and add more spice.

I am giving this 3 stars - the hubby would probably give it 4 stars - I won't make this again...Cooking for 8 or 9 hours - the pork would be WAY overcooked.  I did mine for about 4 -5 hours and had to turn it to warm.  The peanut butter didn't really give a Thai taste to the dish - but more of a "film" of peanut butter taste in my mouth.  The peppers REALLY need to be added late in the cooking time otherwise they are mush.  Thank you for a good idea - but I won't make this again.  :(

Very yummy dish! I cooked it on low for 5 hours. Would probably cut it down to 4 and 1/2 or so since the pork was a tad dry in parts. Also, put the peppers in later otherwise they will be a bit melted. Will definitely make it again though! Tasty and easy.

Does not need 8 hours on low. Salty.

With adjustments, this is 5 star.  Other reviews nailed it, the cooking time is far too long and the bell peppers need to be added later so they aren't completely wilted.Serve over basmati rice.  I made this with chicken thigh fillets tonight and it was really good too.  I still prefer the pork though.

Delicious! We added more peanut butter(crunchy b/c we love peanut butter) & half of a white onion. We used 4 thick center cut chops. Crocked for 6 hrs on low. Was so tender & juicy! A certain do again meal!!

This recipe is a keeper!  My family loved this!  It is super easy to make and I love crockpot recipes especially going into the warmer months, as I don’t have to heat the kitchen up with the oven.  I did double the recipe and it turned out perfect!

Kind of bland. To be fair, I cut way back on the red pepper flakes, but I expected to taste more than a vague hint of peanut butter.

Great. It's a do over. Thanks

Added a chopped onion and cooked on high for three hours. My chops were thin so this was perfect. Trying chicken next!

I used chicken breasts instead of pork. And I served it over rice noodles. My family really enjoyed it.  I'm disabled and using one pot recipes is what I do to make it easier on me.

