Awesome recipe! Perfect timing! Also, for those using an instant pot, as per one of the other reviewers.  There is not an error with the recipe. The  OP does mean 2 minutes and then leave the release pressure alone for 15 minutes. ( Which means do not release the air ). I did mine for 5 minutes on high pressure, and 10 minutes natural release. The meat was perfect! I think we will all add a pinch of salt for taste depending on the curry paste and milk used. I had to add a little to mine but wait till the end to do this.  Highly recommend this recipe, it will be my go to now and of course my base recipe, I may tweak it where desired! 

So, I have no photo as the pot was licked clean before I got to my plate of FOOD! Next dish I will try to upload a photo, oh and I added a few tablespoons of heavy whipping cream, I like my sauce to be a little thicker. But, it looked fine prior to doing this.

Tasha S.

It was delicious, but mine didn't thicken like the pictures...

easy, perfect for after work, we have been making this once a week for over a year now. even the kids love it.

Very bland recipe and I did follow the directions and ingredients exactly.  I used two tablespoons of red curry  paste.    I will  not  be making  this again.

This is a good  base but needs tweaking. Added coconut enzymes, squeezed a lime to get some brightness, added mushrooms, more fish sauce and thickened slightly with corn starch. Added the basil as suggested. In my opinion that's too much to change to make it good.  Note: with an instant pot it is 2 min. And let natural release. If you do the thin slices, I would release the pressure st 6-7 min.

After adding a little extra curry paste and swapping one of the peppers with a zuchinni, I still found this recipe to be rather bland. It was also not at all spicy. The recipe definitely needs some major tweaking. I will not be making the recipe "as is" ever again. I may decide to follow the basics of this recipe again, but I will make a lot of changes, starting with doubling the amount of curry paste. It wasn't bad. It just wasn't that good.

This has become one of our favorite rotational dishes.  I often vary the ingredients here and there.  Even so, we always love it.

This was fast and yummy. Since it was my first time making it, I followed the recipe, adding more curry paste and more fish oil as suggested. It was tasty and filling. I'll look forward to making it again.

Added fresh ginger and got rid of the sugar. Perfect!

Great base recipe! I heeded others' advice and upped the seasonings. I used about 2.5 lbs of chicken breast so I probably could have gone even higher with the seasoning but then it would have been too spicy for my husband.  Doubling the seasonings was plenty flavorful for us! I also added a little salt and pepper to the chicken before cooking it. Additional adjustments I made included using 3.5 tbsp of red curry, 1 tbsp chili garlic sauce, 2 tbsp fish sauce, and 2 tbsp coconut sugar instead of palm sugar (didn't have it at the grocery store)

This recipe lacks flavor.  Followed it as written and was very underwhelmed.  I may try it again but would definitely step up the flavors.

