I found the flavor to be very good.  I made some minor tweaks mostly because my wife cannot eat garlic, so I increase the scallions and added chicken with the tofu.  My problem has been getting the noodle consistency correc.t  First time I soaked for about an hour as instructed, and they were kind of crunchy but tasty.  Second time I kept the water warm on the stove (not boiling...below a simmer actually), and the noodles came out totally mushy.  Now I am soaking them in warm water (per package instructions) and checking them every 2 minutes until they seem right.  

I suppose this depends on a lot of factors, like brand of vermicelli, water temp, etc. So I am not blaming the recipe for this.  Just a heads up to others, mostly. 

As far as the recipe, I took away a star only because it is a bit time consuming.  But it is worth it, for sure.

I hate to say it, but I found this recipe to be rather tasteless. After making it as written, I ended up adding 1-2 Tablespoons of peanut butter and 3 extra Tablespoons of sugar. Maybe that's not authentic, but it sure tasted better. I may not make this again - I found it to be kind of a fussy process with not a lot of reward.

Lovely mild flavor.

Not bad but very salty.  I'd leave out the salt provided there's more than enough from the soy sauce.

There was another review that mentioned how bland this recipe is. I think it was an understatement. I decided to try the recipe anyway because I typically don’t need a ton of salt or flavor to enjoy something. This recipe just isn’t a good one. The proportions are all off and the steps aren’t correct. I have yet to see a single good pad thai recipe on Allrecipes. Guess I’ll have to continue getting takeout.

With some modifications, this recipe brought my Dad, who loves Pad Thai but cannot manage going out to eat any more, happiness! He has not been eating much lately but he ate every bit on his plate!! I used Japanese rice noodles instead of vermicelli, a little less sugar, a little more lime juice, 1/2 Fish Sauce and 1/2 Soy Sauce, added natural peanut butter to the sauce, and added vegetables like shredded carrots, mushrooms and peppers. We all loved it. Especially my Dad!

Yes and I made a dry pad Thai sauce that I sell at farmers markets

Update - After increasing the sauce, set the recipe to three and use that for your guide for the rest of the ingredients, increasing the eggs to 3.  Use the best non stick pan you have and this is much easier and do not need oil.  This will make enough for 4 BIG eaters.  I but the noodles is a 16 oz pack and use about 1/3 package.  Perfect.

It was tasty but not the flavors we were looking for. It wasn’t “quick” either, between soaking noodles and prepping ingredients it took me over an hour and a half to make. If you’re looking for a restaurant style pad thai this isn’t it. My husband was disappointed but it tasted good so my family enjoyed it. I followed the recipe exactly except I used pad thai noodles and not the thinner vermicelli.

I first made this a few months ago, and it has since become a staple dinner.  Fantastic recipe, travels well if you want to take it to work for lunch the next day.  I don't usually have red pepper flakes, so I sub in chili powder and it worked pretty well- plus I add more noodles and eggs because I like the way they absorb the flavour.

I make this recipe all the time, my husband and I love it. I always add chicken and also I usually double the sauce and add more noodles but only so we have enough for leftovers

