**FIRST OFF** This is a MOCK version of true Tom Ka Gai soup. However...the taste is very close to the real deal WITHOUT needing "hard to find" ingredients. We loved the ease of the recipe. TALK ABOUT A QUICKIE.

My changes:

NIX the turmeric - it made the soup sooo bright yellow! 

I almost doubled the lime juice.   I put in the required amount and then floated a few thick lime slices on top while it simmered.  I removed those before serving it.

I probably doubled the Cilantro.  I put some in while it simmered, and put more in just before serving.  

Instead of water I used low sodium/low fat chicken broth to round out the flavor.  

I added just enough Splenda Sweetner to “sweeten it up” just a little .  I’ve had this soup served both ways ( slightly sweet, and no sugar at all).   We prefer it slightly sweet.  "Sweet" just ROCKS the flavor of the lime!  I have never found Lemon Grass locally, so I quit worrying about it.  The soup was EXCELLENT and almost a DIRECT HIT for what we have eaten in upper end Thai restaurants. 

Do yourself a favor...and DO NOT SMELL THE FISH SAUCE.  It's PUTRID AND  DISGUSTING!  However...once mixed with the other ingredients something magical happens and it was beyond wonderful when all the flavors commingled!  

I like to put a small scoop of white rice into a bowl and add the soup over that.   

Next time I make it I'm going to try using 1/2 lemon juice -1/2 lime juice.
Will definitely make this again for company!

First of all, 'Kah' is galanga in Thai. Traditionally, 'Tom Kah' soup is predominantly flavored with three essential ingredients, namely galanga, lemongrass, and kaffir lime leaves, in which this recipe lacks. For a vegetarian soup simply substitute chicken with oyster mushroom. Galanga, lemongrass and kaffir lime leaves add flavour to the soup and are pretty to look at in the bowl, but they are inedible. I often remove these ingredients by straining, then cook the meat or mushroom in the soup.

Amazing! I added potatoes, carrots and curry and it came out amazing!

Perfect recipe!

Very good. Cut back on the fish sauce to 3 TSP. Juiced two limes and I used 1/2 tsp of cayenne. Very tasty!

Yummy. Light and delicious. Served with Spicy ramen noodles.

I had free reign with this and added sliced mushrooms and zucchini plus a little chicken better than bouillon. I had to sub lemon juice. I only had 1 can of coconut milk but it was still very rich and delicious. Not authentic but we enjoyed this healthy soup.

Love this recipe. Just a few additions, added fresh mushrooms, lemon grass, and chili powder for a kick and a pinch of sugar

Pretty good.

This soup was delicious and so easy. Just followed a couple of the review suggestions; used chicken broth for the water, eliminated the turmeric and added 1/2 tsp of sugar. Turned out perfect. Will definitely double the recipe next time I make it. We love coconut soup ??.

My family and I LOVED this soup!  It was even better than the Tom Ka Gai we get at our fav Thai restaurant.  I did follow a few reviewer's suggestions after my first attempt.  As is, the recipe was good.  I didn't love the tumeric in it.  But, overall, a delicious recipe!  Here is what I changed:  I substituted chicken broth for the water, added mushrooms and a teaspoon of sugar with the coconut milk, didn't boil the mixture and stirred every minute, added the lime juice with the scallions. I also omitted the tumeric. Fed the 3 of us adults 2 times over!   In the same sitting, of course!  I will definitely be making this again in the very near future.

