This recipe is awesome! The only recommendation I would make (my mother was raised in India, so she taught me): the difference between a good curry & a great curry is what my aunt called the broth. The broth is what is made with the spices & the onion. The curry powder (paste is even better) should be cooked in the oil until it is ready - usually about 5 minutes. Then add the onion & spice - cook until the onion is translucent. This will take about 10 minutes, but it makes all the difference in the world. Add more oil as the onion is cooking, if necessary. Then add the tomato (fresh is even better - strained) and cook it for a little while. NOW you're ready to make the curry. 

This recipe was a HUGE hit with my family!

I did not care for this. It tasted like canned tomato soup with milk and curry. Leave out the can of tomato sauce! I had to add  red curry paste, fish sauce and sweet chili sauce. This won't stay on my recipe list.

red curry, added a bunch. soy sauce, added a bunch. needed chili sauce... I like curry spicy. great base recipe, nice job.

Love this recipe!!   I like to add chopped zucchini, potato and green beans and I usually omit the tomato sauce.

Made as written. It’s good but  a bit too tomato taste for me. Next time I’d try just the tomato sauce and leave the diced tomatoes out.

It’s like what others said; tastes like tomato soup with whatever else you add. I about quintupled the amount of curry and it still added no punch or spice. Everyone agreed it desperately needed salt, and I didn’t add the sugar. I added potato, bell peppers and onion and served over rice. I used 8 skinless boneless chicken thighs chopped up, and sautéed the veggies and chicken prior to the sauce. I also parboiled the potatoes . I combined everything and covered and simmered probably 20 minutes and served it. If I made this again I would definitely omit the tomato sauce and probably drain the chopped tomatoes and use a spicy madrasa curry sauce in a jar to ensure spice, genuine flavor, and to have a large enough quantity of sauce for the other ingredients.

I have made this numerous times.  It’s a hit with my family. I use coconut oil instead of the vegetable oil. I also add a little spice by adding peppers of your choice when sautéing the onion and garlic. I have also used pork chops in place of chicken. Enjoy

Yum!

I leave out the sugar.

I made a bunch of changes to the recipe based on what I had on hand. First, I used the entire jar of Thai Kitchen Red Curry Paste instead of curry powder. I added carrots and daikon for additional veggies. I completely skipped the tomato sauce and diced tomatoes. I put in a little bit of chicken broth to make it more saucy and used fish sauce to taste instead of salt. Came out really delicious.

I love this recipe. As some have said before it is a little too tomatoey as is. What i do is replace the 14.5 can of stewed diced tomatoes with another 14.5 can of coconut milk. So the only tomatoes I use are the 8 ounce of tomato sauce which I like and thickens it. Overall I make this all the time and love it.

