Well, I think I have found that "missing ingredient" in this recipe! I read all of the reviews saying it was missing something, so I went on a quest to find it.
First of all, I saute'd the chicken in hot sesame oil, but regular sesame oil would probably be nice also. This added a nice kick and flavor.

I added lots of carrots, cubed potatoes (a must), onions. Then I threw in a can of bean sprouts and a generous handfull of unsalted peanuts (yum!), but you could easily use cashews.

I used a regular can of coconut milk, cilantro, 1 T fish sauce, about 1/3 t of corriander, 1-2 t sugar, and some s and p to taste.

Here is the secret ingredient: a couple of dollops of creamy peanut butter! It gives it a beautiful satay flavor, and somehow balances out the spicy with a more smooth, peanuty taste.

I would love to hear feedback on some of you who try this added ingredient.

Made this way, I will certainly make again, over and over. My husband adored this!

I served over asian coconut rice from this site (something else that balances out the spicyness).

Delicious.

Too bland, there is definitely something missing from this recipe! If you want hot you can always add more curry paste, but this does not make up for the lack flavor.

Thanks 'his drink offering' for the added suggestions. It turned out fabulous. I did add some hot pepper sauce....

Definitely something missing, and not restaurant quality like many are saying that are giving this 4 stars.  This has hardly any flavor.  Needs brown sugar and fish oil for starters.

This is a simple but great tasting recipe. I substituted boneless/skinless chicken thighs for the breasts and used frozen stir-fry veggies. I also upped the Red Curry Paste.

Made this with some of the suggested alterations like using peanut oil and adding fish sauce. Good but still not great. Something I noticed with other Thai red curry recipes is that they use 2-3 tablespoons of red curry paste instead of the 1 that this recipe lists. Going to try more red curry next time.

wonderful recipe , I just added garlic and thai hot peppers and soy sauce

I liked it but will add a little heat next time.

Made this tonight.  A bit disappointing.  First the recipe needs salt.  I love salt and it needed quite a bit.    Also, I am accustomed to a little heat in Thai food.  Add a pinch of red pepper flakes and it will be fine.

Added about double the red curry paste  for more flavor. YUMM!!

This recipe was a little bland for me as is.  I appreciate that this is a quick meal recipe but I do think that the curry is missing some flavours. Looking at some other recipes afterwards, it looks like it's common to have lime juice, soy sauce, fish sauce, garlic, and ginger incorporated into the curry.

