I love this recipe. One of my favorite dishes is cold sesame noodles. This recipe might be made with peanut butter, but it's the best home version I've found.  Because I've been living abroad for the past several years, I've had to learn to recreate such culinary memories at home - and this particular dish was the hardest to get just right. I've spent the last two months making this sauce at least three or four times a week, using recipes from all over the internet - including those of celebrity chefs (and if you're interested, Tyler Florence's recipe for sesame noodles  is also really worth trying). But for ease of preparation and great taste, this recipe is just my favorite. If you want to play around with it, you can try adding sesame oil or a little vinegar to cut the sweetness - but I think it's best as it is. Scallions cut on the bias, julienned cucumbers, julienned carrots, chopped peanuts, or toasted sesame seeds all make fantastic additions. This is also a perfect sauce for cracked pepper grilled chicken. This sauce is savory, sweet, spicy, smooth, sticky, kid friendly, fast, cheap, and delicious. Try it!

This was just ok. The flavours were nice but the peanut butter overpowered the dish a little. Next time I would use less peanut butter and add a little more chili, garlic and a squeeze of lemon juice.

Excellent sauce! It renders a very small amount.  That's why I doubled the quantities and also added sautéed vegetables: onion, pepper, bak choy, shiitake mushrooms, kohlrabi and added  - yummy yummy

Made this for a dinner when my grand niece and nephew were visiting. It is soooooo good! They loved it as did everyone at the table. I doubled the recipe and added a splash of sesame oil and a splash of hot chili oil. Also used thin spaghetti noodles. Delicious!!! And easy peasy. Gonna be my go to dish for any picnics or parties coming up!

Followed the instructions and it was more of a soup than sauce. Reduced it for 30 minutes on low and that did the trick. It was delicious!

hubby thought it was addictive, but even then, we both felt it was missing something. It definitely needed some salt. It is like a spicy Asian satay sauce.  I did not have udon noodles so I used rice noodles.

Well, this is surprisingly good! I used spaghetti, since that’s what I had in the house. I added just a touch of rice wine vinegar, and was very generous with the chili paste. Definitely a keeper, leftovers will be good cold for lunch at work.

Yum!  I thought about making this because I didn't have too much in the pantry - in fact, I didn't have some of the ingredients, like peanuts, green onions or ginger, and I had to substitute spaghetti noodles for udon...  But the rest of the ingredients came together really well, and the recipe is super easy to follow.

It was OK. To my family, there was way to much ginger. And I think maybe adding a vegetable would have been nice too.

This is a great meal over all. but their is way to much ginger in it.
I think the next time I make this meal I will grate the ginger instead of mincing it, and I would cut it back to a half tbsp.

Added teaspoon of brown sugar and sesame oil to make it a little sweeter for kids.

