With the addition of 2 more tablespoons of peanut butter or "PBoy" as my 3yr old niece says, this marinate was truly delicious I pounded boneless skinless chicken breasts to 3/8in, marinated them overnight in this mixture, then baked them at 350 degrees for 35 minutes. Served with rice pilaf and asian coleslaw.The family thoroughly enjoyed this one. Its definitely a keeper,Kiera. Thank you.

There is something off in this recipe ~ it just doesn't taste right as written!  After reading through a multitude of reviews, there are to many consistent changes to the proportions.  Will keep looking for a recipe more true to itself!  Sorry....

I followed the recipe exactly as written.  The flavor was great; however, I think the 1/2 cup of lime juice affected the texture of the chicken - we found it to be a bit mushy. Next time I may omit the lime juice in the marinade and just squeeze lime wedges (to taste) on the skewers once pulled off the grill.

This is a great recipe!!!! Perfect for a gathering that requires finger food.  The flavor is just right, you're in for a big treat when you make this dish!  The only pain is putting the meat on the skewers.  Make sure you allow PLENTY of time to marinate the chicken, and spend the couple of extra pennies on GOOD QUALITY spices...my friend tried to make this recipe after having it at my house, and used "cheaper" spices...she ended up tossing the whole thing

Because the chicken did not get cooked through on the coals I also sauteed it in the rest of the marinade. The marinade was so good I didn't want to waste it. Delicious!

A big success with my family!  Following the advice of others, I doubled the peanut butter and garlic, and reduced the soy sauce by a third.  We really loved it and will definitely make again.

Really good. Substituted 1/2 tsp red pepper flakes for the hot sauce and added 2 tbsp minced ginger to round out the flavor profile. Tasted restaurant-quality and will remain in my entertaining lineup.

I marinated chicken for 4 hours,then grilled

I made ths with with a top grade sirloin.  Marinated whole steaks, bbq'd and then sliced thin.  So tasty we didn't even need the peanut sauce for dipping.  I used red curry paste instead of curry powder.

Delicious & easy.

Loved this recipes.  Used natural peanut butter but followed the recipe as provided

