Excellent, thank you for this great dish!  I've made Thai curries before, so I made a few minor alterations.  First, heat about 1 TBSP of vegetable oil in large skillet or wok over high heat.  Stir in the red curry paste and stir briskly, until it "foams".  Add the coconut milk, then add chicken.  Cook on high heat for about 4 minutes.  Add the veggies and cook another 3-4 minutes.  The recipe here calls for cooking the veggies too long: remember that in the traditional Thai and Chinese cuisine, they don't cook the veggies until they mush, there is still some crispness left.  This is a keeper!!!!  Oh, and I omitted the sugar; if I were to add sweetness, would just use the pineapple juice.

added kafir lime leaves and jullien carrots, and omtted fish sauce and bell peppers (allergy reasons) I tried the method of cooking where you put the paste in the oil, but prefer the way I was taught where you marinate the chicken in the paste before cooking so will try that next time. Otherwise a good wee recipe. Tho there was one flavour missing and not sure quite what it was. Think will try adding lemmon grass next time.

Be careful not to burn it. Mine ended up getting a little burnt. I will reduce the heat when I put in the peppers next time.

Liked it a lot! Not spicy which I was worried about, ant least with the paste I got! Added a can of water chestnuts and double the amount of bell peppers for extra veggies. Good be a little more flavorful so I’ll add the curry paste in the oil first and perhaps do a little more paste.

We really like this curry. I am not wild  about fish sauce, so I reduced that to one tablespoon. I also added water chestnuts. It is one  of our  favorite curries.

Fantastic!! Love it our all family, easy and tasty👍❤️

It came out with a good flavor but there was no heat! And it needed more curry flavour. Three chicken breast is to much in my opinion.

i am so disappointed with this. the red curry paste is not nearly enough for flavoring. this is a thai dish. thai food is supposed to have bold flavors. this tasted like watered down curry paste which is literally what it is. i really didnt want to use this recipe since its from an unauthentic source but it had so many great ratings i thought id try it. also it may have been the bamboo shoots brand i bought that were not good but it smelled like straight chemicals. it was the only one offered at my local asian grocery store. i’m giving this three stars because it wasn’t terrible but it was NOT good. i hate that i made so much too because i do NOT look forward to eating the rest of it. i’ll probably add more seasonings to give it some kind of life because this dish was plain.

We found it bland, no spice to it at all.  I guess I should have picked up on that on the list of ingredients alone.  Thai food should be spicy, so this fell really flat.

Truly excellent, particularly in following a few of the additions made by others.  Cook chicken in the curry first, use pineapple juice instead of sugar, do not overcook the veggies, use corn starch slurry to thicken the sauce, and optionally grill up the onions to impart a nutty flavor to it...all around this is a huge hit! (depending on the curry vendor) This recipe is easily made vegan by using tofu, adding when you put in the veggies

I made this following the recipe almost exactly.  I reduced the fish sauce to 2tbs and added baby corn.  I used the full 4tbs of red curry concentrate, adding it to oil as others suggested.

The dish was not spicy at all.  Was likely the curry I used, but it's a popular brand and was labeled as hot, so I'm not sure what happened.  I had to add 2tsp of chipotle powder just to have any spice.  Even with that, it had zero flavor.  I had to heavily salt my serving just to have any taste at all.  Very disappointed as it seemed like a good recipe.

