Excellent!  After cutting the monkfish into chunks I pounded it to make it a uniform size and to make it tender; monkfish can be a bit chewy, like lobster.  Don’t be tempted to substitute light coconut milk for regular.  The fat in the coconut is a healthy fat and the flavor and creaminess of regular coconut milk cannot be beat.  I squeezed a little more lime over each individual serving and it was delicious served over cauliflower rice with fresh asparagus on the side.  I will definitely make this quick, easy, and healthy fish dish again.

I've never seen monkfish at the store so I made this with cod plus a few shrimp. As written, it was so bland. I ended up adding more red paste, more fish sauce and a splash of soy sauce. Also threw in a can of straw mushrooms. Turned out ok but definitely needed some tweaking. Thanks.

This recipe is absolutely delicious and easy to make! I used the exact ingredients and it was fantastic. I will be adding this to my favorites!

Made according to the recipe apart from I had a good pound of monkfish and I used light coconut milk. Served with jasmine rice. It was nice, mildly spicy, there was such a lot of sauce but quite a bit got soaked up by the rice. Next time I’d use half a can or so with the same 3 tbsp of curry paste. The suggested timings were good, monkfish was tender after 7 mins.

I doubled this recipe, using a full jar of red curry paste.  The flavor was mild enough for my 20 y/o son and husband. Next time I will try 1 1/2 jars of the curry paste!

This was a wonderful dish. Made it exactly as written but did take the curry paste down by one tablespoon and it was perfect for us. Don't substitute the monkfish as this is a meaty fish with a lobster-like mouth feel and is perfect for a curry recipe such as this. Thank you for a fabulous recipe!

Used fresh-caught sheepshead and it turned out great (even using lite coconut milk). I also added chili paste (2-3 tablespoons' worth) to the final product because I felt that it lacked enough heat. Served over cauliflower rice and spinach, which tasted absolutely fantastic. A great way to incorporate more veggies into the recipe.

Decent flavor, but I bumped it up a notch with homemade fish sauce (which I added another 2 Tbsp at the end after tasting) and then some fragrant fresh basil at the end. If you like heat, add some thai chillies. Serve with rice. Monkfish is a controversial fish due to overfishing, so you could also use sustainably sourced shrimp, halibut or scallops.

This recipe was easy to follow. (The soup base is so yummy  you could make this a veggie coconut soup.)  I added mushrooms and garlic, but nothing else. Family loved it with a white fish I had on hand. Skip the Thai restaurant, and make this at home as an appetizer or main dish.

It's surprising that there are so few reviews  for this.  Maybe "monkfish" in the recipe title scares folks off.  Made this twice so far.  Used monkfish the first time and it was really quite good.  Used a pound of shrimp the second time and added a bunch of green beans and it was awesome!  Served with basmati or jasmine rice.
My point being, this is an excellent and simple base curry recipe  that can be tweaked and added to depending on your tastes.  The fish sauce, lime juice and cilantro at the end is key and shouldn't be omitted.  This will be a staple in our house, changing it up with different meats or seafood and veggies.   It does not get boring.

love it ---- easy to make but amazing and full of flavor.  I have made this dish at least five time and it's just as good as the first time.  restaurants have nothing on this!!!

