first, thank you for the good reviews. And, babbini ur totally right, when i submitted this recipe to the site , i put red curry powder, and u can substitute it for cayenne pepper too, but i think it was a typing mistake, they deleted the word red. And u can substitue galangal by ginger, however don't skip the lime leaves or the lemongrass, it makes a big difference. thanks again!!

I added 4 cups of water instead of two, one of those cups being chicken broth not water. Otherwise, its too heavy, and the coconut taste is too strong. I also added two finely chopped green peppers and 1 cup of finely chopped mushrooms. Tasted pretty good.

When cooking your shrimp (or chicken) use that same water (broth is even better!) for the rest of the soup! Someone else mentioned cook with shrimp shells still on and I will try that next time, thanks! My favorite Thai "red curry paste" (May Ploy) HAS galangal, lemongrass, Thai red pepper, and a lot of other yummy stuff in it! I use at least a TBS of that, use more if you want to add more "heat". Also make sure to get the actual galangal, lemongrass, lime leaves for the best results! The flavor improves the longer you simmer those in broth! I add the coconut milk near the end of cooking because I read it does not like to be boiled and may curdle. I love adding veggies (onion, carrots, tomato, mushrooms, zucchini, bok choy, Broccoli, etc) to this soup, cook them till tender, it makes EVERYTHING you add such a treat! Top with lots of fresh CILANTRO before serving.

Cutting back considerably on the mushrooms would make this a 5 star recipe for me. I love mushrooms but a whole lb was way too much. I added 2c chicken broth and a 3rd can of coconut milk and still had mushroom stew. Only other changes I made were using half the amount of brown sugar based on other reviews and 2 tsp red curry paste instead of curry powder. The soup base/broth was 5 star!

Pretty good recipe, the soup was shared among friends

This is nearly inedible. It's so sweet that I can't taste anything else. Don't plan to make this again.

A versatile and delicious soup. I followed the instructions loosely, adding green pepper, tempeh, and carrots and omitting seafood. A delicious and hearty soup!

I loved it but made a few changes.  First - WHY IN THE WORLD WOULD ANYONE ADD SUGAR TO A SOUP LIKE THIS???   Sorry for shouting but savory food should not be sweetened (IMO) - especially a quarter cup.  Just a pet peeve of mine.  Anyway, I did not add any sugar

  (2) Next - and this adds work but also flavor - I bought shrmp with the shell on & boiled them shell-on (after rinsing them.)  When they cooled, I removed the shells and put the shells back in the boiling water and reduced it to the amount required for the recipe.  The flavor is in the shells!

  (3) Instead of adding dried red pepper, I bought red Thai chili peppers.  I cut one up (seeds and all) and added it along with the galangal, lemon grass & lime leaves.  It was the perfect amount of heat.  I also skipped the curry powder because I only have Indian curry powder and wasn't sure if it would compliment the flavors.

  (4) And finally, I wasn't sure about the number of lime leaves.  I have a kaffir lime plant and like many citrus plants, the leaves look like two leaves attached end-to-end, but when I saw them in the store, they are already separated so one real leaf looks like two in the package.  I'm not sure if the person who wrote the recipe knows that.  I used 7 whole (double) leaves, chopped up and crushed.        The shitake mushrooms in my local Chinese grocery store were huge.  The recipe didn't indicate how thin to slice them and since I don't normally use shitake mushrooms, I wasn't sure.  I cut them th

Loved it. I added some clams, a jalapeño and cut up some cilantro. And was magnificent

Very flavourful... When I forgot to add the brown sugar tasted seriously better ;)

I made it as written and it was great, but a little too sweet for my taste. The second time I made it, I left out the brown sugar and used my homemade chicken broth instead of water. I also have the advantage of having my own indoor Kiefer lime tree and fresh Kiefer lime leaves really makes a difference in any asian dish. Like a lot of soups, this is better the second day.

