Excellent Recipe!  This is one of my favorites.  I made the following changes:  1)  used only about 3/4 pack of noodles, 2) substituted sesame oil for vegetable, 3) tripled the sauce (white wine vinegar, fish sauce and white sugar) but only doubled the sugar. 4)  added sweet chili sauce and some minced garlic to the sauce.  5)  used 3/4 tbsp crushed red pepper and also added some cayenne.  6)  added some grated carrot with the bean sprouts (nice for color too), and 7) used lime instead of lemon.  Next time I'm going to try splenda instead of sugar and to reduce oil by frying chicken with Pam instead, or at least reduce the oil.  Also, I didn't follow noodle instructions - I cooked as per package and then added.  This recipe would be good with Shrimp as well.   Thanks for this recipe!

This is a bare bones recipe for Pad Thai. Here are my observations: Make sure your wok is very hot, to the point where the oil is about to smoke. add a clove or two of chopped garlic and a couple chopped scallions to the hot oil and fry for 30 seconds. Add thinly sliced chicken and some shrimp and fried tofu and fry for a couple minutes. Crack the eggs in there and stir for a minute or two. Turn in the noodles and fry for a 30 seconds. Add the fish sauce which has been mixed with a little rice vinegar, soy sauce and lime juice. Add some ground peanuts and stir fry the whole mess for a few more minutes. Remove from heat and serve with additional peanuts and fish sauce, crushed red pepper, cilantro leaves, fried scallions and lime wedges. Oh yeah, and omit the butter. It's really not necessary. I also omitted the bean sprouts because I don't care for them.

I thought this was a lame version of Pad Thai, very bland and tasteless.  Not a fan.  Maybe good for someone who has never eaten Thai food.

I was disappointed with this recipe.  But it is a learning moment for me for the next time. 1. Boil the noodles rather than soaking. I soaked the noodles for 60 minutes and they were still hard. 2. I would either use less noodles or more liquid next time. The noodles were very dry. Luckily I did make some peanut sauce, which I must say, I've perfected. So that helped a little. I also used soy chicken which came out good too.

I substituted sesame oil for the butter and vegetable oil.  I also used rice wine vinegar instead of white wine vinegar and lime instead of lemon and topped it all with coco aminos.

I couldn't eat it. Maybe because was my first time using fish sauce. The smell is so bad that gave us nausea. I follow the instructions but that sauce was a big no. The curious thing is that the fish sauce is an important ingredient in this recipe.

Compared to other pad Thai recipes I’ve made, I was slightly worried about this one. Added a tablespoon or so of peanut butter to the sauce and did a splash of sesame oil and cut back on the vegetable oil. Turned out great!

I boiled the noodles instead of just soaking.

Not like any pad thai I've ever made before and the sauce is almost exactly what I use to make Vietnamese chicken salad but it was really good.  I went to get seconds and my husband had already eaten all of it.  I used lime instead of lemon and chili garlic sauce instead of crushed red pepper, just what I had on hand.

This is excellent. Followed the recipe as written, but I poured a small bottle of peanut sauce on the dish towards the end. We like the peanut sauce on our Pd Thai. Daughter was impressed.

Great recipe!  Whole family loved it.  
I made a few changes, following suggestions of other users and adding some of my own.  I'm not a huge fan of fish sauce, so I changed that to 1 Tbsp and doubled the amount of vinegar.  I used rice vinegar instead of white.  Also added 1 Tbsp soy sauce.  After those changes, I tripled the amount of liquid ingredients and added 2 Tbsp of peanut butter.  I cooked the chicken with 2 cloves of garlic and 1 chunk of ginger.  I would have added more red pepper, but my wife doesn't like it as hot as I do, so I chopped some fresh jalapeno on top of mine.

