I made this recipe twice.  The first time I made it exactly as the recipe had stated.  The second time I made some alterations with much better outcomes.  The original recipe will yield a watery conconction, so I cooked the sweet rice in my rice cooker with coconut milk instead of water.  Also there's no need to add that much sugar, but adjust to your taste.

Sticky rice is generally made with, well, sticky rice aka glutenous rice; but, this recipe is a great solution if you do not have sticky rice in your area, or don't have time to go to the Asian grocer. The flavor was on target. 

A few notes/changes:
1. If you're using sticky rice, omit the starch. You also probably skimp a tad on cooling time.
2. If you're using another rice (long grain, basmati), the flavor will still be good, but the rice mixture won't be as firm/sticky. Put the starch into the batch of coconut milk mixture in which you are steeping the rice in for an hour--this helps thicken it all. Cool for at LEAST an hour (keep covered), but you can leave it longer to get a little firmer. 
3. Skip the starch in the last bit of coconut milk mixture that you will pour over the top of the rice and fruit at the end.
4. Corn starch can be used in lieu of tapioca at a 1:1 ratio. It takes a little higher temp to start thickening, but the boil seems to take care of that. 
5. Use real coconut milk, not the "light."
Also:
6. The ingred. measures are disjointed. I.e. you need 2 cups of coconut milk (1 can)--use 1.5 cups in the first mixture, .5 in topping. So read it through to be sure you have enough of everything.
7. This makes a LOT  of rice. If your mangoes aren't huge, you can probably reduce the rice a bit. We had almost a third of the rice leftover.
8. This version is very sweet, good for tart mangoes, but if yours are sweet or you like less sweet, reduce sugar by a 1/4.

This was absolutely good I only added a half cup sugar instead of a cup and the flavor is just right

This is a very forgiving recipe. I accidentally burned my rice but rinsed it off and put it in the coconut sauce to finish cooking and it was great. I used sticky rice and coconut cream. Soaked the sticky rice for 40 min and then cooked halfway and finished in the coconut cream with half honey half sugar and a tiny bit of cornstarch. It was quite good. The flavors were there but should have made the second sauce.

I used jasmine rice and followed the recipe exactly.  It turned out perfectly.

This makes a LOT of sticky rice and mango - I'd say twice as many servings as listed. BUT - it is absolutely perfect, just exactly as I've had in restaurants and I would 100% make this again precisely as the recipe describes, just maybe 1/2 the servings. Five star delicious!

So delicious and easy! My whole family loves it!

Such a good mango sticky rice recipe! Definitely going to make it again! I did add less sugar to the mixture that is eventually added to the rice. Instead of  1 cup of sugar that the recipe says, I added 3/4 of a cup and it was perfectly sweet. Everyone loved it! That is the only suggestion I can make.

I loved it! Very easy to make!

Perfect! I followed the recipe exactly and it came out perfectly. Yes, the rice will seem soupy when you add the coconut milk mixture.  But after cooling in the fridge for 1 hour as instructed, it firms up and is magnificent. Make sure you use short grain white rice and mangoes must be good.

This is amazing!! Actually better than the Thai restaurant where we always get it from!! But, just to specify, use regular coconut milk, not the unsweetened one. I made that mistake once by accident and it was terrible!!

