I'm not usually a fan of sweet salads but this one was pretty good.  Still, next time I think I halve the honey, replacing the missing half with an equal amount of soy sauce, to reduce the sweetness and increase the "Asianness" of the flavor.

Very easy to make, but I didn't like the flavor at all.

I only followed the recipe in that I mosly used the ingredients in the dressing, somewhat to scale as the recipe is written.  I used brown sugar in place of honey and only enough to balance the acidity of the lime juice and vinegar.  My dressing was not sweet.  I didn't measure anything but attempted to maintain proportion.  I cut green cabbage and grated carrot plus cilantro and chopped carrots.  I put a teaspoon or so of peanut butter in the dressing as well to help it emulsify.   Probably used a bit more fish sauce (megachef brand- it is stinky, and allegedly "sweetened" but i find it adds great flavor, especially at its price point) and held back the lime a bit so that lime flavor wasn't too obvious.  Toasted sesame oil (i always assume this is what a dressing recipe is calling for when it lists "sesame oil" in this sort of proportion) is very flavorful so I added it to the dressing in drizzles until it tasted right.  I suspect i was under the recommended dosage but not by a huge margin.  

I recommend making this to taste instead of adhering strictly to the recipe.  The dressing ingredients make a nice slaw dressing.  hack up whatever veg suits you and go to town.  I did miss bean sprouts (the store was out) which i like in this type of salad.

THIS IS SO EASY AND GOOD!

I gave this 4 stars only because I added some stuff to mine. On top of the easy recipe I added 1 tablespoon of Garlic Chili Paste and some fresh cilantro to give it a little bite. Other than that you could keep it the same and it is still amazing. It tangy  with just the right amount of sweet and salty with a little heat and the crunch from the peanuts is a surprise when you chew. It is definitely
out of my comfort zone of flavors and I am so pleased.

I didn't add the fish sauce and it was delicious!

The lime juice is overpowering. Enjoyed the texture of the slaw.

This was just ok. I couldn't taste anything but the rice wine vinegar.

This "Quick and Easy Thai Style Coleslaw" recipe was delicious. I used freshly-chopped summer cabbage and freshly-grated carrot (instead of coleslaw mix) to make mine. I am convinced that different cooks are using the term "rice wine vinegar" to mean different things. I assumed the term meant "mirin" (and not rice vinegar which is made from rice wine). Mirin is much milder than rice vinegar and slightly sweet. I cut the honey by half since we don't eat many sweet foods in our home and found that it was still more than sweet enough for our tastes. Thank you TOPROCKMAN for sharing your recipe.

This is exactly what I was looking for!  I didn't change a thing to the recipe, it was great as is.

Just okay. Needs some onion or something. I added chili garlic sauce, but it still needed something. I also only used maybe 1/2 of the dressing. Definitely recommend adding a little at a time to your liking, or else it's drowning in dressing.

I made dressing as prescribed with a small addition of 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes.  Cabbage and grated carrots were substituted for the vegetable mix.  Peanuts (salted) were left in their purchased state.  I added all dressing to salad mix, but after marinating for 15 minutes, drained dressing from salad thus leaving a small amount of dressing.   Just prior to serving (at a potluck) I added about 3 ounces of shrimp.  Attendees requested recipe!

