Excellent dish!We added bamboo, and baby corn, and substituted fresh Thai basil for the dry basil and fresh red Thai pepper for the jalapeño.Expect to spend well over 10 minutes for prep time though (more like 20-25) but it is well worth the effort.  Searching out all fresh organic ingredients is also worth the extra effort.

I made the curry paste from scratch, which added to the fun. It all turned out great, but 3 TBSP is not enough in this recipe (I doubled it). Per another reviewer's comments, the prep time is easily double what's estimated. The only other recommendation is to scale this up - it was popular enough that it doesn't go too far!

I rated this 5 stars for the methodology and the base ingredients,  This is convenient to make with an instapot, more readily available ingredients and the flavor profile.  I usually would not like to rate a recipe when I strayed so far from the published ingredients.  But, I had a lot of garden vegetables coming in, so I used what I had:  Yellow pepper, yellow squash (8 oz), and a spinach-like hybrid (6 oz).  I also cut up 3 medium red potatoes because I was not planning to serve this with rice.  This turned out great!  The funny thing is, the yellow squash melted into the broth, you could not even detect the squash.    The spinach-like leaves were added at the end when you saute, per instructions.

Excellent dish!We added bamboo, and baby corn, and substituted fresh Thai basil for the dry basil and fresh red Thai pepper for the jalapeño.Expect to spend well over 10 minutes for prep time though (more like 20-25) but it is well worth the effort.  Searching out all fresh organic ingredients is also worth the extra effort.

This isn't a restaurant quality meal but this is going to be the best and easiest at home Thai curry you're going to make at home. The recipe is super simple and the flavor is so good. I added some baby corn and served over jasmine rice.  Next time I will sub the cilantro for some Thai basil.  I'll be making this again!

Used lactaid instead of coconut milk sautéed in pan served with garlic ginger rice

