This recipe was fabulous!  I also reduced the soy sauce to 1/3 cup and I cut the peanut butter down to 2 TBSP.  I used 2 boneless skinless chicken breasts cut into small strips. I made it an entire meal by adding broccoli, sliced carrots and strips of green bell pepper, along with the onions already listed in the recipe.  Will definitely make this again!

Absolutely dreadful. I am a huge Thai food fan, & I have never tasted anything like this before. Even cutting back to 1/2 cup of soy, this was far too salty. The sauce was an unappetizing mess. What a waste of chicken.

A little to salty for a Thai peanut sauce. But still edible.

Very tasty but very salty, even using low sodium soya sauce. Next time I'll decrease the soya sauce by half and make up the difference with water.

This was tasty with some modifications.  Firstly I cut the soy sauce to 1/3 cup to 2/3 cup water. This is CRUCIAL unless you enjoy very salty food. I didn’t have crunchy peanut butter, only natural smooth but I did have unsalted peanuts. I smashed the peanuts and added them along with the 2 1/2 tablespoon of the natural peanut butter. I used sriracha and chili paste instead of the red pepper sauce. We like spicy food in my family so I added plenty. I also added fresh cilantro in addition to the green onions. Scrumptious and flavorful.

It was a little spicy for my hubs but still got rave reviews! Will do again!

Very good, my Asian relatives thought it took out-LOL
I added shredded carrot and thinly sliced red pepper

I followed the recipe exactly.  It came out perfect!  One of the best peanut sauces I have made.

Always read the reviews. I used chicken breast, used 1/3 cup of soy sauce and 5 gloves of garlic. Served over both rice and Chinese noodles. This was a very good dish.

Nope. Will never make again! Followed the recipe as is and it had a taste that was not appealing at all

Did not have all of the ingredients and with the COVID-19 atmosphere, didn't want to go out to get stuff.  I did see the other reviews about the soy sauce, and took that to heart.  I used 1/2 cup low sodium soy sauce and it was perfect.  I also got impatient and put all of the ingredients in the marinade.  I used ground ginger instead of fresh, and creamy PB instead of crunchy.  I had no green onions and had chicken breasts instead of thighs.  So with substituting and improvising, it was still a darn good meal. I served over a brown rice and quinoa blend, which helped with the heavy hand I used on the pepper sauce.  Ne worries, we like hot .  I will do this again, and maybe even follow the recipe a little closer nest time:)

