We love this recipe, and the rice noodles are a nice change from our usual rice, pasta, or potatoes.  We only use half a cucumber, and make our own peanut sauce, using:  2 Tbsp soy sauce, 2 Tbsp water, 1/2 cup peanut butter, sugar, garlic powder; heat gently (either stovetop or microwave) til peanut butter is melted.

Thanks Sharon for sharing the recipe. May I add a little note for member TAPJ? This recipe calls for peanut sauce, but if it's not your liking you should try ground roaster peanuts. Here in Thailand that is what we use in various noodle dishes. Just 1-3 table spoons (I often put 4 spoons!) per dish. Roast and grind (traditionally with pestle and in a little mortar) or very quickly blend (on pulse) to a corse and crunchy texture. Do not mash it to pulp! Sprinkle it before serve or quickly toss it last to keep them crunchy.

Tasty sweet & spicy dish  I used sweet chili & roasted red chili paste.   Nice combo...

This was a delicious dish! Prep time was a little lengthy but it was well worth it. I added some jalapeño for a little extra kick! We also made "Zoodles" (zucchini noodles). We used a gadget to slice the zucchini and set them aside. Once all of the ingredients are cooking together in the wok, I added the Zoodles and mixed for 1 minute! They are a great alternative to noodles for us folks that are on a low carb diet.

Overall we enjoyed this dish, but something was missing to give it that really memorable feel.   I left out the chicken and I wish I had made my own peanut sauce.  I'd say how well you like this recipe really depends a lot of how much you like the peanut sauce you bought.

This was a good recipe. The ginger gave it a very nice, pungent kick and the chili sauce gave it a good heat. The only ingredient modification I made was to leave out the mushrooms. I liked this recipe (wouldn't say I loved it, though) and would probably make it again, but, considering all of the work it requires for prep, it's one of those recipes I might make every once in a great while, not very often.

Used Sambal Oelek chili past in lieu of hot chili pepper sauce. It was fantasic! Definitely making again!

So delicious. My husband and I felt as if we had dined in our favorite Thai restaurant. The only thing I did was sub snow peas for the cucumber and made my own peanut sauce per one of the other reviewers consisting of crunchy peanut butter, equal parts soy sauce/water and a pinch of brown sugar, then microwaved to soften.

I only added 1T instead of 1.5T red chile sauce and it was still too spicy for our kids.

Loved it.

LOVE,LOVE,LOVE IT!!

