Yummo! It's a very authentic-tasting Thai curry chicken. Warning: the green curry paste varies A LOT by brand. I used Maesri brand: VERY hot (and we love hot foods). I only used 1.5 tbsp which was plenty. Also, the coconut milk should be a full-fat (not low fat) and also varies quite a bit by brand. I prefer the Chaokoh brand which is nice & thick. Both of these brands should be available at any decent Asian market. A couple of changes I made: 1. used boneless chicken thighs (not as dry as breast meat), 2. reduced sugar to 1 tsp. I also added carrots, onions, and peas (gotta sneak those vegies ;) This one's a keeper.

Save your time to measure curry paste and coconut milk, use 1 can (4 oz) of Maesri green curry paste and 1 can (14 fl oz) of coconut milk for cooking will have a good result. If coconut milk is too strong for you, reduce the amount or add some chicken stock.

All you need is to stir-fry your favorite vegetables in sequence depending on the cooking time. In my case, onions and carrots first, followed by fried tofu curds. Then I add some curry paste and coconut milk before adding tomatoes, green beans, and broccoli stems. Add the remaining of curry paste and coconut milk and let the sauce simmer until green beans are cooked to your liking. At the end, add zucchinis and broccoli florets a few minutes before you put the lid on and turn the heat off. 

Meat is almost unnecessary in this dish. If you like chicken, cut it in thin slices and marinate in some cooking oil and green curry paste. To ensure that chicken is tender and cooked thoroughly, stir-fry chicken as soon as vegetables are done. In a separated pan that is big enough for all ingredients, add some oil before adding chicken. Constantly stir chicken until only some pinkness shows. Add steamy-hot cooked vegetables in and mix all ingredients well.

Vegetables recommended for green curry: asparagus, bamboo shoot, bean sprout, broccoli, butternut squash, carrot, green bean, eggplant, mushroom, onion, snow pea, sweet pepper, tofu, tomato, zucchini, and etc.

It's easy to make and very tasty. I skipped the Soy sauce and added salt to the chicken

This recipe is terrific.   Very savory and the flour coat made for perfect consistency.   Looking forward to trying it with shrimp and beef.

Great recipe that I used a few years ago, but recently made and it was perfect. I used a whole jar of Thai Kitchen curry paste, one can of coconut milk (approx. 13.5 fl oz), and added more garlic, ginger, and green onions that the recipe calls for because I like the flavors. I also added in some bamboo shoots. Came out really well, thanks so much!

Awesome taste.  Added bag of frozen green beans in the last 10 minutes.

I added coriander and lime and used a ginger-garlic flavored oil instead of the soya, ginger and garlic.   I also threw in some pumpkin seeds. It was quick, delicious and I served it with greens and a lime, basmati, wild rice dish.

I thought it had no flavor.

SOOOO YUMMY!!!! I followed the recipe EXACTLY and used 3 tbsp of thai green curry paste by World Foods (purchased at Whole Foods) and 1.60 lbs of chicken breasts. Served it with steam white rice, lumpia shanghai and the entire pan was devoured by 3 adults! Was not spicy at all. Next time I will add red pepper flakes, eggplant and red bell peppers. A KEEPER!!!!

I doubled the recipe except for the amount of chicken so I can add lots of veggies and have plenty of curry sauce to have with rice.   I added white onion, carrots, and broccoli. 

Based on previous reviews, I had planned to use lots more curry paste, (1 entire 4oz jar for the recipe as is) but the store only had a single jar.   I used the 4oz jar for this recipe, but next time I make this (which will be a double recipe), I will use two jars!  It smelled exactly like what I order in a restaurant but I could have used more flavor!  

Also based on previous reviews, I may also consider adding crushed lemon grass, bamboo shoots, and fresh basil!

I used Mekhala green curry paste (the jar with 3 chili peppers) and the dish turned out just mildly spicy. I used chicken thigh fillets instead of chicken breasts and an extra green onion, and cooked with basmati rice, but otherwise followed the recipe. It’s undoubtedly very tasty, though a little more starchy and sweet than some other Thai curries I’ve had. Might try adding some chili and/or bell peppers next time for a little extra flavor and pizzas.

