undefined

I just didn't like this at all.  To much curry made it hot and the other flavors were lost. I would reduce the curry by 1/2 at least (you can always add more if you like) and I like curry.  Anyway, just didn't do it for me and I ended up making pizza instead, such a waste of time and ingredients. It did look good and smelled good, it just didn't taste good to me sorry about that.

I had everything on hand except for the green onions so I made this for the first time tonight. The recipe was very good, full of curry flavor but not overpowering, a bit spicy but not too much, we loved it and will make it again.  Thanks for sharing this recipe.

I liked it enough to make it a second time tonight.  Left out the Cilantro and chili pepper as we do not like cilantro and were concerned it might have too much heat with the pepper for our taste.

Just made this and it was fantastic! I used leftover asian glazed chicken thighs from this site instead of fresh chicken, so I just warmed it at the end. I added a small amount of sweet pepper and garlic. I didn't have the Thai pepper, so I used thai chili garlic sauce, and it gave it just a bit of a kick as we can't handle too much spice. I will definitely make this again! Thank you for this super yummy recipe!

I added some shredded carrots vs using sugar & added fried eggs vs yolks only.

I made this for a party and II was a big hit. I didn’t have a Thai red chilli pepper so I substituted a 1/2 jalapeño pepper and cut it very tiny pieces. It was flavorful with being too spicy. The pineapple adds a nice hint of sweetness. Definitely would make this again.

Good flavors. I omitted the chicken and increased the amount of shrimp and pineapple, both of which I grilled before adding.

this recipe was very delicous. my guest were impressed.

So delicious! My fiancé loves this recipe! I make it monthly ever since my best friend told me about this! I’ve been making it for 4years! The best!

I wanted to recreate a pineapple fried rice dish from a local Thai restaurant, and this was a very good base to start from. Per the recommendations from other reviews, I only used half of the curry powder called for, and it was plenty. I added about 1 cup each of diced carrots, peas, and snow peas, a full cup of diced pineapple, and about a cup and a half of cashews, and it came very close to the restaurant version. Will definitely make again!

