I would have given this recipe 5 stars but I did have to do some additions of my own.  With the extra's I have to admit this dish is going into "my favorete's" recipe book.  First, I didn't have any peanut oil or Thai chili's so I used 2 tbsp sesame oil and 3tbsp. of sweet chili sauce instead.  As for the garlic it sounded like a bit much so I just used 5 large cloves minced. The additions where 1/2 green pepper sliced, 1/2 red pepper sliced, 1/2 white onion sliced, 2 carrots peeled/ julienned, and 1/2 lime zest/juice which were added before the basil and allowed to cook coverd on med-low heat for about 5-10 mins. Since I did add these extra's I also upped the amount of soy sauce to 3 tsp. and the fish sauce to 3 tbsp.  Served with Jasmine rice and garnished with lime wedges and green onion.  Sooo good.  I think I will stay home for Thai more often.

This was quite good, and quite quick and easy to make. Made this because we just bought a potted Thai basil plant; Thai basil is not the same plant as regular basil, and this recipe will not taste authentic without it. Note too that "black soy sauce" is NOT the same as regular soy sauce, but more like ketjap manis (thick and sweet).

Love this recipe! I stir in a bit of unsweetened peanut butter at the end to balance the heat.

I used toasted sesame oil, 2-3 T chili garlic sauce, green onion,Thai basil, micro grated half carrot (adds nice color) and tsp ginger. Used for filling lettuce wraps.

This was so fast and simple to cook, PLUS it was easy to get lots of veggies in the mix… hence the 5 Star score. I had to make substitutions based on available ingredients. I also added some fresh broccoli, pea pods, carrots, onion and peppers from my garden. I also added siracha sauce in the last minute of cooking.  I used 3 lbs of fresh ground chicken.

This sounds amazing. Might add some ginger.

we substituted thin-sliced beef for the chicken. it was great.

This is now one of my family’s favorite dinners. I used sesame oil, Thai sweet chili sauce and added cabbage and carrots. Healthy tastes great.

might have been eatable but the fish sauce is way too much!

It was just OK... Kind of bland

I subbed 1/4 bottle of Thai chili sauce for the Thai chilies. Yummmm.

