This was just like the restaurant's peanut cucumber salad that I always order.  The only difference is that they also serve it with some shredded carrots and chopped red onion which I added.  It's more sweet then spicy so if you want a little more zing then sweet, I suggest that you add an extra jalapeno and cut the sugar by 1/3.  I will definitely make this again.

I have no regrets for trying this, but I don't plan on making it again.  Even cutting back on the sugar (I used Splenda) and vinegar this was still a little too sweet and tangy for me. The peanuts didn't appeal to me, so I omitted them, and I do admit that may have compromised the ultimate intent of this recipe both in flavor as well as contrasts in textures.  Still, it's a good salad we had no problem eating, and I liked the additions of the cilantro and jalapeno, which not only pepped the flavor up, but made this a very pretty salad as well.

Fantastic and very refreshing, and I add a little american touch adding bacon chips and was a relevation, no for the vegans at least my version.

I added sliced radish, and used fresh parsley instead of cilantro, because that's what I had. The guests arrived before I chopped up the peanuts, so I going to be snacking on peanuts when I'm watching TV.

Delicious. We used cashews. Love it!

Perfect proportions for a classic Thai Cucumber Salad.  Made it exactly as written, and it came out just like the salad you get at your local Thai takeout.

Very good on a hot day! Took it to a picnic and people liked it and asked about it. But I agree that the dressing is a bit thin. I even reduced the vinegar by half. Like some others, I used Italian noodles (spaghettini). I have bought some udon to make it again, and I think the dressing will work better.

Surprisingly good! Pickle it with the sugar and salt and it comes out very sweet, but great despite a quick pickling time.

This was great!  I did not have the correct vinegar on hand, and used apple cider vinegar, and it worked well.  It’s very simple, fast, and doesn’t take hours of marinating as some cucumber recipes do.

Loved this salad!! Just like I get at my favorite Thai restaurant. I did add red bell pepper and red onion

This salad is always a hit. Sometimes I add thinly sliced carrots and celery. Leftovers, if any, keep crisp in the refrigerator. Highly recommend!

