In Turkey, we make our bazlamas stuffed w/feta and parsley, ground beef w/tomato, or mash potatoes...Just flatten the dough and put a thin layer of crumbled feta and chopped parsley, flip one side to cover the stuffing (like an omelet)  and cook both sides...Eat with sour cherry jam and hot tea as our usual Sunday breakfast...

Made this twice. Once exactly as the recipe read, and once adding fresh garlic and herbs. The second batch was tastier, but not as good as I had hoped.

Was very easy to make had no issues whatsoever. Love the taste and texture.

These were just okay, nothing spectacular.  I made the recipe exactly as instructed and found the portions too large and too thick.  If I make this again, next time I'll divide the dough into 6 or 8 pieces.

First time making this bread. Loved that they puffed up, like a balloon!  The extreme puffing occurred when I prematurely flipped the bread over after approximately 30 seconds and then flipped them over again after about another 30 seconds.  I decided that I liked them this way, like a pocket pita. The family loved them with Indian chicken curry.

Wonderful recipe-- super easy to make and turns out great reliably even if you forget about it. Haven't tried adding herbs and garlic to it like other reviewers but I can imagine it would taste imagine. Definitely something hobbits would eat.

It came out so well! It does need 7-10 minutes of needing and the cooking time is an estimate, but it's similar to pita and other flatbreads. They puffed exactly like pita. This is so fluffy with only a tiny tang from the yogurt. YUM!

I liked the flat bread it was better than store bought. My family enjoyed eating the soft and thick flat bread. After reading some reviews, I used I a cup of water. I mixed the dough in my Kitchen aid mixer using the dough hook. I let the bread rise for one hour. I placed the dough in a oiled bowl before covering with damp towel. I think next time, I will let the dough rise a little longer for 2 hours. I would also use only 2 teaspoons of salt because I thoughtit was a bit salty. I also used a rolling pin to roll out the flat bread. I made 10 flat breads about 7 inches in diameter. When cooking, heat up the cast-iron griddle to medium low. Medium high was to hot. When you see bubbles on the bread flip the bread over. It took 10 seconds. Then flip over for another 10 seconds. Flip over again and cook for another 10 seconds.

This was a tasty flatbread. My husband and I really enjoyed the flavor. I did find the dough to be super super sticky to work with, even with using extra flour. It was really difficult to move the flatbreads to the skillet and have them retain any sort of shape. If I were to make these again, I'd probably make them smaller--maybe try 6 rounds, instead of 4, to see if that makes them easier to handle. Thanks for the recipe!

3 stars for taste but even being an experienced baker, this dough was hard to work with.
I had to add an excessive amount of flour to make it able to be handled/moved from the resting board to the skillet.
Also, cooking directions are somewhat vague. I had the best results covering my skillet. 
I made 5 smallish rounds that rose about an inch thick, or more. I would like them thinner and may try again with more flour so I can actually flatten the dough easily.
A good base recipe but needs work.

This made a nice, substantial bread. It needed much more flour than stated in the recipe... And it was still somewhat sticky to work with, even after I had added about a cup of additional flour.

I will make it again, though I think it would be even better with herbs mixed in the dough and a brush of butter after they're done. My rounds (6) were thick and cooked a long time for each side  on my electric griddle (Set @ 350 -375) but I loved knowing I could make this bread without using the oven-- which is a real plus in hot weather.

Since my rounds cooked up thick, I may split the leftovers for sandwiches or individual pizzas. Yummy any way you eat them!

