An easy 5 stars. I followed Chef John's recipe exactly and it turned out extremely well-balanced, which I was a little worried about given the amount of walnuts (I didn't want it to be super walnut-forward). I've uploaded a picture of how I served mine, with chicken pita pockets and bell peppers. I garnished with some parsley and an extra tiny drizzle of olive oil just to give it a light sheen, since it comes out of the fridge fairly matte in appearance. It was great as a dip with the fresh sliced orange bell peppers (I used red peppers in the recipe) and as a binding agent for my pita pocket ingredients (pan seared chicken, sautéed onions and peppers).

P.S. I can't stress enough the importance of the fridge chill here. I tried my muhammara fresh out of the food processor to taste it, and it was pretty good. But after it chilled completely in the fridge, all the flavors just seemed to fortify and really shine and it became great.

Another 5 star offering by Chef John!A friend made this recipe using panko breadcrumbs. Excellent.If you enjoy this, check out his recipe for Romesco Sauce with roasted red pepper and different nuts.I frequent a hole in the wall Mediterranean cafe and told the owner about it. He didn't know what I was saying by emphasizing the first syllable. Had to show him the word. He pronounced it with emphasis on second syllable and muted the first syllable so much I could hardly hear it.

This was delicious! 15 guests and all loved it!
I made exactly as recipe when served I topped with slivered almonds

I wasn’t able to follow this recipe exactly, mostly because of what I had on hand. I am sure this recipe is perfect as-is (as are all off Chef John’s recipes), but it was STILL perfect with what I substituted. 

Did not have toasted walnuts, so I toasted ones that were already roasted (just for less time). Did not have fresh breadcrumbs, so used jarred (still toasted them). Did not have pomegranate molasses, so I used  grenadine syrup (very similar, from what I understand). The only changes I made outside of that - I did not add the cayenne (figured the red pepper flakes were enough heat for me), AND I added a black garlic bulb… because duh, black garlic makes everything better.

It was fantastic! As I said, I know the original recipe is amazing, but I wasn’t able to follow it. Just know if you’re considering making this and don’t have everything exact - STILL DO IT! It’s flexible and delicious!

I left out the bread crumbs and it was fine.

Amazing! I admit I used regular molasses and a jar of roasted peppers as they were in the pantry, but I know I will be serving this if  there's any left after I gobble it up.

Oh my, this is absolutely delicious!  Made as written - just perfect.  Yum!

So easy and really delicious! I made it on  Superbowl Sunday and everyone loved it!

Made it to bring to New Year's party for vegan friends.  Spectacular! Vegan/ non vegan....this is a great dip. Better than the sum of it's parts. Surprise! It is now on permanent rotation. I roasted peppers on grill with a handful of apple wood chips for good measure. Easy prep for folks that cook regularly. Try it once...you'll be hooked. Addictive. Thanks CJ.

HUGE Chef John fan. All of his recipes are awesome, and this one is no exception! Husband and I found it absolutely delicious, and this is the kind of recipe where you can substitute items and still end up with a delicious dip.

