This is ezogelin soup, a traditional Turkish soup that was supposedly invented by an unhappy bride (gelin). Here in Turkey, it can be thrown together with basic ingredients found in any kitchen. This version tastes exactly like the soup you'll get at a family dinner or a kebap shop. Ezo the bride probably peeled and chopped her own tomatoes, but in this recipe the canned version works just as well. For a more robust taste, try sauteeing the tomato paste with the vegetables for a couple minutes before adding the chicken stock. Watch it closely at the end as the grains might soak up too much liquid and start sticking to the bottom. Also, crushed red pepper flakes are more traditional than cayenne pepper. Sprinkle on top and add a sprig of mint and a lemon wedge on the side for restaurant-style service.

Heat: recipe starts with High heat and gives no clarification for the steps thereafter.  Result: burned soup
30 minute cooking: recipe gives no indication of covered or uncovered or partially covered.  Result: unable to achieve required consistency.
Spices: Use 1/4 or 1/2 tsp paprika to start with.  Skip the cayenne.  Spices are a supplement or an enhancer - not an overpowerer.  If you've ever been to New Orleans, you'll know what I'm talking about as they (generally) know how to use the hot spices appropriately.

I used fresh mint instead of dry, and it really helped in the balance of flavors. However, using tomatoes of any form included in this recipe is not anti-inflammatory. I got to this page from an anti-inflammatory recommendation, and I recommend no tomatoes at all, and to use some puréed Zucchini instead the three star rating is because the soup is not anti-inflammatory as was advertised out of your control on another site. With the zucchini, I would make this a five star.

I substituted the paprika for chili powder. I had to lower the flame when I noticed the tomatoes getting burned. Very thick,  not soupy but tasted good. I followed and this is how it came out.

Really tasty! I didn't have fine bulgur, so I used buckwheat groats instead (kasha). I also added a little smoked paprika at the end. I will definitely make this again!

Followed exactly. It was really spicy and not much flavor.

So tasty loved it! Made minor replacements because I was out of some things. Used Basil instead of mint and 5 bouillon cubes  Mixed in 5 cups of water (FYI-do not and any extra salt if you make this way) instead of chicken stock.

Fantastic spicy soup, perfect for a winter day! I make whole wheat bread and serve with this. My family raves over it. Thank you for the recipe, it tastes just as good as the Turkish restaurant nearby.

I added cumin to this because my mom aways did. Came out delicious.

Mmmm….comfort food! Amazing flavor, texture and easy to make. I used fresh tomatoes and mint from our garden (peel and chop tomatoes and finely chop mint and double it’s quantity since it’s fresh.) Used extra mint for garnish. As another reviewer suggested, I used crushed red pepper flakes instead of cayenne and adjusted for heat. I doubled the recipe since we like leftovers and it tastes even better the next day. I didn’t have bulgur so I went with all rice, and look forward to using it as written in the future. The rice made it smooth and mild; I’d imagine it to be a little more hardy with bulgur. Soooooo good! Family loved it. Will definitely make again.

Made as is and LOVE IT!

