This is an excellent recipe.  I unfortunately learned the hard way--the recipe calls for a LOT of couscous compared to how much sauce there is.  However, it's still pretty good this way.  Changes I made: Used more garlic, flounder instead of tilapia, diced fresh tomato, cayenne pepper (not too much) instead of red pepper, more red wine and less water.  In the future, I think I'll use even more garlic and cut out the ginger.  I like ginger, but I personally don't like it with these spices.  What I like about this is that the fish isn't the star of this dish--I think there's as much fish in here as vegetables; you could add more fish to this or cut it out completely and it would still taste good.  This seems like a good recipe to experiment with, change around, have fun with.

The capers and the artichoke hearts are what made this not to my liking. Mainly the taste of the capers, though. I wasted so much time on this for a meal that was not to my liking. My dad thought it was ok, so did my mother, they said that but nobody was begging for more either. Also they thought it was too much heat with the red pepper flakes, but I didn't mind it. When you're dealing with fish and making stews and things out of it the balance of the taste has to be perfect, and I the funny thing is I actually thought the strong flavors balanced one another, I just didn't like them.

I was very pleasantly surprised at how much I liked this stew and how easy and quick it was to make!  I used extra lemon juice instead of sumac, and 1 TBSP fresh basil instead of dried. I reduced the amount of crushed red pepper as others suggested. I did not use water, instead I added about 3/4 C white wine total and the juice from the tomatoes. I added a small handful of English peas and golden raisins as well. I used Cod and served over white rice with lemon wedges. This dish became more flavorful as it sat and the texture was perfect! Will totally make this again!

Really liked this stew! I used lemon pepper instead of the sumac and less red pepper, maybe half the amount (and I'm glad I did for us). Served mine over cauliflower rice and hubs over farro because he likes that better. Made great leftovers for lunch. Thank you for sharing.

We made this dinner last night (and I ate it again for lunch today). It has good flavor, but there wasn't as much liquid as I was expecting for a stew. We added a bit of chicken broth and cream before adding the fish. Otherwise, it was very good - and all 3 of my children ate it.

I didn't make couscous at all- just a pot of bulgur. The stew was almost as written, except no wine because I don't drink and I had no lemon so used lime.  Oh, and the fish was cod.  I did cut the hot pepper to 3/4 tsp, it came out just right.

This recipe deserves a love. I have made it about 20 times. Became my favorite recipe to prepare fish healthy. Spices and amount are perfectly on point. Mouthwatering.

An easy weeknight recipe. My daughter and I made it together. We made a few changes: used apple juice instead of wine, lemon zest instead of sumac powder, added celery to sauteed veggies, halved the cumin, served over rice instead of cous cous. Next time I will reduce the red pepper. Very flexible recipe. Everyone loved it.

Quick and easy 
Made it several times with some variations. 
For example added  chickpeas and removed the peppers.

Had to modify due to lack of all of the ingredients. Used a can of diced tomatoes with green peppers, didn't have the peppers. Used stuffed green olives. Ginger power instead of fresh ginger. No sumac power on hand and no red pepper flakes, like but cannot take spicy hot food. Added a cup of sundry tomatoes, had them on hand and wanted to get rid of them. Served over rice. With all the changes it was still something I would serve to guests. Will keep the recipe.

Incredibly delicious! Man, this recipe is a keeper! I couldn't find the sumac, so I used lemon pepper instead. Also watch the water. I had to add 2 tsps of cornstarch to thicken the sauce.

