This recipe is amazing! I didn't have Alepeppo pepper so I used a couple of green chiles. No fresh tomatoes so I used a can of Ro-Tel tomatoes, undrained. No fresh basil so used dried. I sauteed the veges until they were dry. I did put the pan under the broiler for a couple of minutes to set the eggs and soften the feta. I served these with Chef John's pita bread and fried green tomatoes, and tzatziki. Wonderful hearty breakfast! I loved the flavors!

This is a quick and delicious recipe and quite attractive to serve. I didn't have the peppers suggested so substituted jalapenos. It was a bit too hot for our tastes. This is a great dish for a spur-of-the moment dinner. Great with warm French bread (which cut the fire!).

What a fresh delicious breakfast! Our family has ties to Turkey thru military service and foreign exchange students so we were excited to get a taste of Turkey. We loved this dish! I used Serrano chilies and Queso Fresco as substitutes. Other than that, it was made exactly according to the directions. I used a large frying pan so the egg mixture would be thin, since you're not supposed to flip or mix the mixture. I also covered the pan once I added the cheese and Basil. Thank you SO much for sharing this recipe!

The ingredients all seemed to be really good but the bottom was overcooked/burned in spots before the top was done. I wonder if a lid earlier in the process would help? Someone else mentioned putting it under the broiler to finish cooking the top which I will try next time.

Just okay. Followed closely but didn’t have chilies so doubled up on green and red peppers. Guess we prefer the flavors and cheeses of a Mexican Frittata.

I used Chipotle powder because I couldn't find my Aleppo. 
Used egg substitute and low fat feta.
Love Allrecipes because I can adjust recipes to 2 servings.
It was quite spicy and delicious.

It was delish!  I surprised my Turkish wife with this recipe. She loved it.

Very, very versatile recipe.  Thanks. Gustavo.

This was absolutely delicious! I love the kick it has from the peppers. I used an 8-inch skillet. The eggs didn't set in the allotted time so I put the pan under the broiler for a few minutes to finish the cooking. That did the trick. This took a little bit of time with all the sauteeing and chopping, so it's probably best to make for breakfast when you have more time.

