I loved this recipe and so did my family. If you were in a hurry you could use pre-made wonton wrappers instead of making the dough.

when i made them, they werent good at all. its very dry, and my family and i didnt enjoy it. i tried to so many ways to enhance the flavor, but no luck. you should try changing some ingredients.

very delicious try and see

I have made these dumplings for years

my family makes a mashed potatoe cheese mixture don't use milk with potatoes or butter  also make a cabbage filling  these are great once boiled with butter and onions  I wasn't crazy about the sauce it was ok

Very delicious! A bit time consuming if making this yourself, but the flavor and quality was well worth the labor

I made this for a group consisting of Armenians, Russians, and Ukrainians (I'm none of the above!) They all loved it and said it reminded them of home.
When I make it for myself, I add an egg and some corn flour (not cornstarch) to the filling mixture, as for meatballs. Makes it a little juicier.
I eat them floating in chicken broth, with a dollop of yogurt sauce.

Partner is Turkish so he was thrilled I tried to make this.... turned out well tasted lovely. Only part I had a little fail with was I made them slightly too big hahaha.

This turned out so wonderful for me, although I did have to make some slight modifications. 

I followed this woman's instructions verbatim for the dough and was very confused because 1/2 teaspoon of water did not seem enough for 2 cups of flour. I added a little bit of water here and there as I went along to get it to the consistency I was looking for. I don't have much experience with dough so this was definitely a learning experience for me. It was a little hard to roll out, but ultimately I was able to work with it and the dough tasted good!
 
As for the filling, I just used 1 lb of beef and froze whatever was left over, and for that 1lb of beef I only needed 1 large onion (which still may have been too much). Not sure how small this woman's onions are but 2 onions for 1/2 lb beef seems like too much!

Also, shredded onions struck me as very strange (aka I had no idea what that even meant) so I just very finely minced it. 

I made my manti very bite-sized and tiny, and ended up probably throwing about 15 in to boil at once. 20-25 minutes seems like an outrageous amount of time to cook it for. I cut into two dumplings about 5 minutes in (boiled on high) and the beef was fully cooked. However, depending on the size of your manti this may differ.

The yogurt sauce I kept as is, and I was more generous with the crushed red pepper and oil mix- I love sauces so I doused my dumplings. I ended up garnishing with some parsley and it was super tasty. I'll definitely be coming back

Definitely will cook it again.

I made it with beef, tasted great I added sumac to the red sauce gave it better flavor.took a long time but I'm horrible with dough so def. My problem, i made it twice and trying again want to be able to make them small. Thanks love Turkish food

Delicious and different. Very enjoyable. We've made it several times and it was delicious every time. We usually mix in some veggies with the meat for the dumplings and season them with varying spices depending on our mood. But it's always delicious.

