Just a quick reminder from the author; those are more like baked empanadas rather than dumplings.

I must have made these wrong.  They were really hard and thick and the cheese never melted.  For all the effort, I was disappointed.

I made it. They taste nothing like the real pogaca (I was born and raised in Turkey). They taste like a crusty southern biscuit with cheese in the middle. Too dense dough, not airy like a pogaca. Also the taste is way off. You shouldn’t call these pogaca. I’d recommend naming them something like a “pogaca style southern buscuit”. If you are looking for a pogaca recipe find a Turkish recipe and follow it. They use wet yeast in real pogaca and it tastes nothing like this.

Turned out pretty good but I like using either Armenian or Turkish cheese instead of Feta; feta was a little too strong. I recommend only half the paprika. Otherwise, you won't taste the dough. It is very similar to ones my mother used to make. Also, I baked it 30 minutes, I may even go longer depending on how crispy we like it.  Thank you.

Had these with soup. Great dough recipe, can be used for other fillings. I would not call these empanadas...Dumpling maybe. They are fluffy like a biscuit.

I loved this recipe. It was really good I hope to try it again!

I found the dough to be too sticky and flavorless. I increased the flour by a half cup and added garlic powder and a little salt to the dough. Also, I replaced the paprika with zatar to give it a little more of a middle eastern flavor and made a yogurt dipping sauce on the side.

These were easy and delicious, but a little dry. We made up a quick garlic butter to dip them in, and that made them fantastic.

I must have made these wrong.  They were really hard and thick and the cheese never melted.  For all the effort, I was disappointed.

So, the word dumplings might be a little misleading. Yummy delicious feta stuffed biscuits is a little more like it. These were a big hit when I made them. I used egg beaters, light sour cream and fat free yogurt and they still tasted awesome. I recommend these as a dinner roll or breakfast biscuit! Yum!

These are yum, As an Alternative to baking, I drop the eggs from the recipe and make the dumplings and steamed in a bamboo steamer for 20 minutes... and then I serve with sweet and sour sauce... yum....

