I made exactly as the recipe stated. I did experience the syrup pooling at the bottom at first, but after leaving it to soak in overnight the syrup absorbed and it became sticky and delicious! Well worth the trouble of tracking down the orange blossom water. I tried to bring it to a work potluck, but my family had at it first and left no survivors. One thing to watch out for is time; it can go from golden brown to blackened brown very quickly so keep an eye out after 45 minutes or so.

I don't like how this turned out for me. I didn't make any changes to the recipe. The taste is fine, very sweet, but what can you expect from baklava. I like the interesting taste the orange flower water adds, although it gets lost once it's poured over the baklava. The top crisped up way too much, and I didn't even leave it in the oven for the required amount of time, so the liquid didn't absorb properly.  Also, there is too much liquid, it's pooling at the bottom of the pan. .. probably because it didn't absorb properly. I'll stick to supermarket baklava, that way I just buy what I want and am not stuck with copious amounts of it. Sorry Chef John - not a winner.

well done Chef

I made this using homemade phyllo dough as well!!! I got the thumbs up from my husband. His bubba used to make it and he has not had it for years and years since she passed. Love this. It’s not easy but for a first timer … I did really well. Thank you for the recipes.

Wow. Used store bought filo dough and this was amazingly easy. It converted three former non-baklava lovers, including me! The cinnamon flavor is wonderful. I didn't end up using all the syrup, and used lemon juice instead of orange blossom extract, and I think more honey. Mine took a little longer than the recipe called for. Next time I'm adding almonds!

recipe is the best Thank you

This is a great, simple recipe with a fun video to watch demonstrating the proper process of layering. The only reason I am not giving this a 5 star rating is because the measurements on the vanilla and orange blossom water cannot be correct. I believe that they are transposed and should read 1 1/2 tsp vanilla and 1/4 tsp orange blossom water. I made this  recipe as written and the orange blossom water was so over powering it made eating it rather unpleasant. Other than that, it was perfect.

It's  great. Easy to follow.  It's my go to recipe. //// enjoy his commentary!!  Have fun..  keep having fun

I feel like it’s too much syrup to dough ratio but it’s DELICIOUS, I’d likely cut the portion of the syrup next time

I baked this at 350F for 45 minutes and it’s really brown! Hope it’s okay!

Crispy, flaky, and incredibly delicious! Highly recommend you make this recipe. Yum!

