I think as written, this is a four star recipe to me. As others mentioned, it comes out a bit bland. I made it as called for with the exception of cooking my lentils in beef broth. After tasting, I added a half teaspoon of cumin, and maybe a quarter tsp of garam masala. I found this stepped it up a notch, but really what makes the dish is the Greek yogurt (or sour cream) you serve it with. With a little extra spice and the yogurt/cream on top, I think this is five stars. I've been looking for budget friendly dishes to work into my line up. I think I'll make this again.

I followed this recipe to the letter.  It was easy to make but I thought it was quite bland for my taste and needed something more than just the chili powder...hence the 3* rating. However the contrast in textures was great...lentils against the sweet flavor of the carrots!  I’d make it again but experiment w/ some seasonings.  Bay leaves for sure. Thank you for the recipe!

instead of adding chili powder and tomato paste, I used a good dollop (1 TBL at least) of "Taste of Thai" Red curry paste.  It makes the flavor difference.

Super easy and quick to make! I substituted 50% of the ingredients bc I never have staples, but it worked out!

We love this recipe. I used vegetable stock to cook lentils, per other reviews, I added a bit of cumin. I didn't let it come to room temp-didn't want to wait. The yogurt made this dish!

Really satisfying.  We are old fashioned meat eaters.
Hey,  you have to try new things.  Then try this!

I used vegetable broth. To overcome the blandness others wrote about I tripled the garlic and added 1/8 teaspoon of rosemary, which resulted in quite a nice dish.

I added some chicken broth to it as well.

This was excellent, I used some of my bone broth and Mole’ instead of water and tomato paste. Very tasty. Thanks for sharing.

I used 2 tbl butter 1 tbl of olive oil 1 tbl ginger paste 1 tbl garlic paste no onions and I added 1 cup of frozen collards. I also boiled the lentils with one large chicken bouillon cube. The flavor and color was amazing

I also added cumin - turned out AMAZING!!

