This was delicious! I used Mexican zucchini and quinoa. Instead of boiling the zucchini, which I think would kill the flavor, I sauteed it on medium-high while the quinoa was cooking, and then I turned it up to high for the last few minutes to brown it. I used Greek yogurt for the sauce, so it was nice and tangy; it mixed perfectly with the caramelized zucchini. I thought a cup of dill might be a bit strong, but it was just right. A definite keeper--and so easy!

My family didn't like this at all but I thought it was ok.

I made this with yellow squash. Unfortunately, I didn't have plain yogurt, so I left that out and just mixed the garlic and salt with the other ingredients. It was still good, but probably would have been great with the yogurt. I'll have to try it again sometime when I have some.

This was very interesting and I did like it. The zucchini does get quite soft which I wasn't expecting. However, all the flavors go well once complimented with the garlic yogurt. I used 3 tsp of dried dill in place of the fresh and used two medium/large zucchini for the amount suggested. I kept all other ingredient amounts the same. It went well with red meat that I had made and was a nice change to potatoes. ty

I thought it would be better with double the rice and half the yogurt. Hubby didn't like it much at all, so I probably won't try again.

I don’t know how much zucchini 4 is supposed to be, so I used about 4 cups of chopped zucchini, doubled the rice and liquid (sub’d chix broth); left the lid on for 20 minutes and then off for 5. I also tweaked the yogurt sauce,made it more of a tzatziki with lemon juice and olive oil, and didn’t make as much as called for. Made this with Shish Tawook grilled chicken, as some other reviewers suggested, the flavors really complemented each other. Everyone took seconds. I love dill!! Also, don't let the onion and zucchini get too done before adding the liquid, they will get plenty done while the rice is cooking.

EXCELLENT! I used yellow squash since my husband isn't crazy about zucchini, and it was YUMMY! I also stirred the yogurt sauce into the squash. We just slopped it up! Didn't have any leftovers even though I made enough for 2 meals. Highly recommend this recipe for something different. Going in the "keeper" folder. Thanks for sharing it!

Great side dish if you want to cut down the amount of carbs.  

This is soooo good.  I thought at first that this is maybe too much dill but it's perfect.

Absolutely delicious, will be a part of my menu often.
did not change anything.

My family didn't like this at all but I thought it was ok.

Delicious!  My husband and I both loved this recipe.  He didn't really use the sauce as he isn't a huge fan of any yogurt sauce, but I used it and saved the left over sauce to dip fresh veggies in.  My husband took the left over zucchini in his lunch and said that it reheated great!  We will definitely have as a side dish on a regular basis!  Thanks for the great recipe!

