I wrote this recipe. I don't know why, but the editors changed some things in it that would make it not turn out as good. I don't cook the chicken ahead, I add it raw. Since it is in bite size pieces, it is cooked perfectly when the garlic and onions are done. I put in the juice from the tomatoes and you have more liquid for your rice. (If you have homegrown tomatoes, you can use those too)I don't oil the casserole dish, I just drizzle the top with olive oil. You cook it for about 30 minutes, then you add the cheese on top and cook an additional 10 minutes to melt the cheese. If you have a clay dish, that is what they use to cook it in, in Turkey. Hope you like it, we love it!

good but may i ask what mozarella is doing in a Turkish dish?? i guess it shpuld be the classical Turkish white cheese or maybe the yellow cheese (kasar-to be more exact)..

I didn’t add mushrooms, but this was pretty close to what I ate in the Middle East when I was deployed there. Very tasty.

I reviewed this recipe 9 yrs ago and it’s still in our recipe rotation.  I have added one little change in that I use the canned “fire-roasted” tomatoes and they add yet another layer of flavor. I still use a fraction of the amount of cheese called for and it’s still delicious

I was reading too fast and I missed the part about pureeing some of the ingredients. But it was still good. I ended up with a sick baby so I had to make it in the slow cooker and add in the cheese at the end. But it was delicious. I didn’t mean to rough up the original recipe so bad. Will try again the original way from author of this recipe.

Followed Carrie’s recommendations and cubed the chicken, (though I did double the garlic), tossed it into the casserole “raw” with the rest of the ingredients...perfect!  Family wondered why so heldi

Esta fue una receta excepcional. Gracias. He tenido este plato en Adana, Inskedrun y Estambul. Esto está muy cerca de lo que he tenido allí. Lo serví con arroz. A mi hijo y a su prometido (que es de Turquía) también les encantó.

This is a great recipe and easy to modify slightly. I used two cloves of garlic and sautéed them with the onion to get rid of a raw taste. Added the chicken for just a bit to give it a nice sear on the outside. Then threw in some smoked paprika for a little zing. Served with a nice long grain rice. Hubby gave it a thumbs up so we will definitely be doing this one again!

Excellent recipe, super close to the original! I used fresh veggies, sauteed them before adding to casserole,  with chicken I followed author's recommendations...and I added cumin powder and smoked paprika powder, my Turkish    friend says it is a must. Thank you for sharing Carrie!

Works well in dutch oven and is scout friendly.

Followed the directions as stated by the woman who wrote the recipe (Carrie H). Took it to a foodie dinner and it was a huge hit!

