This was spectacular!  Not fond of lamb, so I used ground beef.  The spices were spot on.  Used a pastry cutter to "crumble" the meat, and that made quick work of it.  This is an excellent company dish -- very dramatic looking and you can make the filling in advance.  Another A+, Chef John.

My husband bought phyllo dough by mistake so I needed a savory recipe to use with it.  This sounded delicious and looked very pretty so I tried it.  I used organic ground chicken, lots of garlic and cayenne in addition to the other spices.  The phyllo dough was tricky but I did it.

However, my dish was too large so it wasn’t full and I should have buttered the bottom or used parchment paper.  It really stuck to the bottom.

It was very tasty!  I’d make it again.
Thank you for sharing this recipe!

This is a wonderful recipe. I made very few changes. As a nod to my vegetarian daughter, I made it with ground turkey and it was perfect. I also added a handful of fresh spinach and a tiny bit of feta. It is a showy, flavorful, delicious dish!

A bit putzy, but looked nice and tasted wonderful. I've made it twice so far.

This sounded great, and though ok, it was not like my mother-in-laws Borek.  The spicy lamb filling was good, but not what we were expecting in this dish.

It was good and added something to the list of things I could cook but it wasn’t something I see myself cooking often. My kids liked it and the yogurt sauce was good, I’ve been trying to make new and unique foods lately to get out of making the norm. My fiancé said “this is weird, but it tastes good.” I will say, not enough sauce is made as my fiancé is a sauce crazy person so I had to double up on the sauce.

This is a great dish. Flavorful and easy to make.  It's the easiest use of filo dough ever!  I think using the egg wash on it was what makes it easy to work with.

Very good !!!  Amazing flavor !!!  I will make just the meat mixture for sandwiches or to be served over rice. It tasted good wrapped up in the phyllo  pastry, but  I won't make it like that everytime. This is a keeper for sure !!! Thanks Chef John !

This was spectacular!  Not fond of lamb, so I used ground beef.  The spices were spot on.  Used a pastry cutter to "crumble" the meat, and that made quick work of it.  This is an excellent company dish -- very dramatic looking and you can make the filling in advance.  Another A+, Chef John.

Really great and tasty dish! Couldn’t get enough of it

