As a cook who likes to eat a lot of vegetarian recipes for my main course meal this soup is a very good source of vegetable protein with red lentils that is so easy to make and rewards you with a very delicious bowl of soup with the lemon slices added for a garnish that gives the soup nice tang.  The one change that I made was to add oat bran instead of bulgur that did not seem to make a big difference to the outcome of this soup.  I would certainly recommend this soup to others who are looking for an easy soup to make that is very nutritious for you.

Okay. See Notes for customizing recipe.

Love, love, love this soup! Easy to make, so tasty and so healthy!

Great variation of lentil soup, I was getting tired of the "curry lentil", soups and the use of mint and lemon as well as bulgur make this alternate a nice change. It is also very easy to make. I made some last week and came back to this page to make a second batch today. I also suspect it will freeze well.

There is no way to mess this recipe up. It is easy peasy with a minimal amount of dicing involved. It is nutritious and delicious. Perfect in the cooler months. I love it!

It could use more broth.

This soup was very easy to make. I made it for a Turkish meal at my friend's home. She and her mother are from Turkey. She stated that this is a common soup made in villages for community meals and that she makes it once a year. Everyone loved it and went back for seconds! I could not find bulgur here so I substituted it with farro. It took less time to simmer. I left it on 30 minutes and it was perfect!

I'm Turkish and I absolutiely love this soup. I'm sure this taste close to authentic, but I can't try because I'm vegan and this has butter in it. To veganize it you can use olive oil instead of butter. It definitely doesn't compromise the taste. There are some recipes a nonvegan ingredient is critical to the taste, but this isn't one of them. Also vegetable stock isn't commonly used in Turkish homes, so if you want it to taste closer  to authentic you could use tap water instead. I also add rice in it, but it's not a must. Some people also add garlic while cooking (so it's cooked), I tried it and it tastes awesome, but I prefer without garlic. As a lot of people pointed out squeezing lemon juice in it  gives it an awesome savory taste.

Simple and easy.  I increased bulgar to 3/4 cup as we like  thicker soups. It really benefits from the lemon juice.  
This soup is a hit!  Easy to make  and flavorful.

Made it for my Turkish boyfriend and he absolutely loved it!  I had no dried mint so I chopped, stirred in and garnished with fresh.  I will definitely make this recipe again.

Thanks

I made it for dinner tonight with a salad.  Very tasty and so healthy.  Frying the onion in the butter added so much more flavor than olive oil.  I didn't have any mint leaves sadly.  But the flavor was still great!  I used beef broth - turned out a bit too salty.  I will use low sodium broth next time.

