This is delicious. I followed the recipe except I did not have any fish sauce so I used extra soy. I also put some chopped onion in with the garlic. Will definitely make this again. Thanks.

There must be something missing from this recipe. I am an accomplished cook and this was a total fail. I should have known better when I mixed the brown sugar with the remaining oil in the skillet. It turned into candied pork. Hard and dry. It was my dinner so I had no choice but to eat it. Such a letdown. I don’t understand the rave reviews.

Doubled the sauce as I used about 7 lbs of pork shoulder. (We like leftovers.) After browning, I actually put the pork in the slow cooker on high for about 5 hours and it turned out delicious. Don’t cook less than 5 hours, as it only tasted okay at 4 hours cook time. I did not add any extra liquid and meat was tender and moist with some liquid. Def going to make again!

Addendum to my review. Omitted the salt and added 1 tsp chili oil to my sauce.

I used bone in loin pork chops that I panfried 2 minutes on each side, then put in a roasting pan, poured sauce over and tightly covered with foil, baked 1 hour at 350 degrees, turning chops over halfway through. I doubled the sauce except the brown sugar and it was enough to drizzle on our rice. I omitted the oil, used Pam spray for the frying pan and the salt as soya sauce is so salty.  It made very flavourful and tender meat, I think this would make great ribs as well.
#AllrecipesAllstarsCanada
#FacelessNoMore

I only used half the pork and kept the sauce the same, because I like a lot of sauce to mix my rice into.  Also cut the pork up slight smaller and trimmed off much of the fat.  In the last hour added thick sliced carrots, onion and green beans.  The meat came out very tender and flavorful with a beautiful rich, dark sauce, which  I thickened up just slightly with cornstarch and water.  

I also added bit too much hot sauce, which was my own fault.  But one day later, the flavors have blended and the heat has settled down... it's delicious!

Absolutely delicious I doubled the portions but used the same amount of meat because I wanted it juicier to go over rice. The entire family loved it!!

Good and easy!

This is delicious. I followed the recipe except I did not have any fish sauce so I used extra soy. I also put some chopped onion in with the garlic. Will definitely make this again. Thanks.

