This was delicious - fragrant and creamy.  I followed the suggestion of reducing the water and broth by half to make it more creamy and stew-like, rather than like a soup.  I did make some changes:  used two tbls. of Madras curry powder and two tbls. of Thai red curry paste, instead of the 4 tbls. of curry powder.  Didn't add the red pepper flakes and substituted reduced sodium soy sauce for the fish sauce. Added one large sweet potato instead of the 8 regular potatoes and used lite coconut milk...still creamy and delicious!   I let it simmer for about 1.5 - 2 hours and the house smelled so good!  The directions didn't specify when to add the kaffir lime leaves and bay leaf, so I threw them in right before I started the "simmer" process.

I'm not sure where I went wrong. I followed this recipe almost to the letter, however it ended up very watery and not creamy. I had to omit the lemon grass, and used soy sauce in place of fish sauce.   It turned out to be curried water. Might try again with less water and the fish sauce. Not sure what to do with this curried water now, and wondering what I'm going to make for dinner!

Great curry flavor. I reduced the broth by 1/2. And skipped the additional water. I used the madras curry power. it was spicy enough without the red pepper flakes. Used Yukon gold potatoes and lite coconut milk. Also, I don't care for fried tofu, so just added fresh cubes of extra firm at the end of the boil and let stand for a while to flavor.

This was a great recipe, although it does take some time. I could not believe it... my Asian grocery AND Target were out of mushrooms! I threw in some baby corn just to have more veggie, and added an extra dash of fish sauce. Since I can't eat pepper seeds, I subbed out Korean red pepper powder. Very nice!

I absolutely LOVED this recipe!!! I had to omit the coconut milk & lemongrass, because the store was out of it.. but I was desperate to try the recipe, I made it anyway without it! IT WAS SO DELICIOUS!!!! The store was also out of cilantro, so I used dill as a garnish. It’s such a perfect base, and the ingredients are endless! Later on, i squeezed a lemon in it, and that was amazing too! You’ve gotta try this!!

I changed the entire recipe, practically.  Didn't use no mushrooms, lime leaves, lemon grass, bay leaves, cilantro, fish paste, bean sprouts, shallots, nor broth.  I used olive oil, half the red pepper flakes, half the water, 1/3 the curry powder, half the coconut milk, and half the potatoes.  I added methi, and Trader Joe's curry sauce.  It was  amazing!

This recipe is great as it is. I used small Yukon Golds but not the tiny ones.  That adds quite a bit more starch to the mix. I also wonder if some people might not be using canned coconut milk. 
It was a great dish. I served it with a salad and a fruit plate for dessert. I would use this recipe again in a minute. With tofu it was a great vegan choice.

I followed the receipe closely (all I was missing was the lime leaves and I used curry mandras) and it was way too spicy for me. I ended up adding an extra can of coconut milk to cool it down. I also found the meal to be expensive.

Very nice soup. Rich in flavor and not too hard to make, just time consuming (especially because I had just 1 tsp of curry powder left, so had to make my own). I'll be curious how it tastes after sitting in the fridge for a few days, but for this first evening, at least, it was pretty impressive.

This is delicious. I will likely cut the amount of vegetable broth and water next time, but the  flavors are wonderful. It does take  some time to pull together.

I used twice the seasonings and this was excellent!

