The one who wrote this recipe probably doesn't come from Vietnam. Some of you complaint it's not flavorful is because of the technique wasn't right! You don't use 1 clove of galic! You use as much as you like! put on medium high fire add oil then meat stir fast until it changer color half way, add a bit fish sause (enough to taste). When the meat just change color all together, transfer it to a dish. Remember beef or pork stir-fried too long with medium heat get chewy! Then add more galic and a bit more oil if you want on medium-high to high heat, pour in green beens. You need to stir them fast and continueously until they all turn to deeper green color; season with more fish sauce to the taste or you can use seasoned salted. The second stage of the been is to low down the heat to medium to low medium, stir the beens every 10 seconds or so untill they get soft. You may add tablespoon of water or so few times. Please remember that unlike chinese food, VERY few Vietnamese dishes have cornstarch in them in other to make the food look thick and shiny. Also remember unlike other Asian foods, southeast asian food (includind Thai food for example)season with fish sauce rather than soy sauce.

The meat was super tough and the whole dish lacked flavor.  My husband was very dissapointed with this one as was I.  We don't even want to try to bother to docotor this one.  My only thought is that if you like really mild food, you might like this.

I made this with my fiancee for date night. My fiancee liked enough to make it again, but wants to make changes such as more pepper, more soy or salt, add broccoli, add carrots, etc. I'm on the fence as to whether I would make it again, I guess maybe my issue was I'm not a big fan of chicken broth, though I do admit it went well in the recipe.

Everyone loved it!
Including my picky teen daughter.

The trick is cooking the beans just....right (that's just skill/timing).

I used asparagus instead of green beans and I thought it was great. Served it over rice. No leftovers!Second time, I used 3/4 lb of steak and 3 cups of broccoli and 2 cups of cauliflower, both steamed separately. Didn't have enough sauce for rice but didn't need rice. I really loved it.

The whole family including the kids love this recipe. It’s easy with not too many ingredients and economic. We never get tired of eating this recipe.

It was dicious. I used thinly sliced top round because that's what I had on hand and added some toasted sesame oil at the end.

After I added more garlic, soy sauce and broth, it was great!

I used the recipe here (and touched it up using what Mai TLP suggested) and it was GREAT! The cut of meat makes a huge difference. For the best taste and quality use top sirloin. Again, great recipe. Thank you! :)

I cooked rice to go with it.  I have made it numerous times.

Really bland. Followed the recipe exactly.

