I gave it a 4 rating after making my tweeks. First I chopped up all the cabbage, the bowl idea was lost on me.  I used a jalapeño that I cut in half and seeded, I took it out before serving so I just got the right amount of heat with no surprises. After the meat, onion, pepper mixture was cooked, I tossed in the cabbage to cook it a bit, then added the lime juice mixture and cooked it all together. After everything was well mixed and the cabbage a little cooked, I removed the jalapeño and threw it away. Then topped it with the chopped mint, cilantro, and raw onion slices.

I like to double this and use a mix of ground turkey and ground buffalo which makes a ton of food. Like others, I use a jalapeno to substitute for the listed pepper. Keep most, or all, of the jalapeno seeds in the recipe for a kick. I chop all of the cabbage and onions but don't add the cabbage until the last 5 minutes of cooking. This is excellent with sticky Jasmine rice.

I really loved this, and it was pretty easy to make.  The crunch of the cabbage and the faint taste of lime were really great.  It is also good using ground turkey as a substitute for the beef.   will definitely make this again and again..

Delicious! Instead of the bowl, I just thinly sliced about 3/4 of a small red cabbage and ended up adding it to the cooked beef mixture and letting it cook slightly for about 3-5 minutes. I used grapeseed oil for the dressing/sauce as well as coconut palm sugar, of which I used about 1 TBs after tasting, as I find it's less sweet than brown sugar. I also subbed parsley for cilantro as DH hates it and 1 deseeded, chopped jalapeño which I cooked with the onion. I am sure I'll make this one again so thanks for sharing a great recipe, Sahara B!

This was REALLY  good.  I also used a jalapeno with seeds removed. We like it spicy so just finely sliced it and added with onions. Tried linigmambowl with cabbage but ended up shreddjng it.  Left the caabbage raw, wife wasn't too sure about cabbage uncooked but really liked it.  Will absolutely makemitmagain...maybe try ground turkey.

I gave it a 4 rating after making my tweeks. First I chopped up all the cabbage, the bowl idea was lost on me.  I used a jalapeño that I cut in half and seeded, I took it out before serving so I just got the right amount of heat with no surprises. After the meat, onion, pepper mixture was cooked, I tossed in the cabbage to cook it a bit, then added the lime juice mixture and cooked it all together. After everything was well mixed and the cabbage a little cooked, I removed the jalapeño and threw it away. Then topped it with the chopped mint, cilantro, and raw onion slices.

