Wow!!! This was fantastic. Vietnamese food dishes are some of my favorite, and "shaking beef" is an absolute delicacy.  This is the exact dish!! The dipping sauce is also perfect :) Thanks for this wonderful keeper, and I'll be making it over and over again.

Very easy prep and, despite what others said, an easy-to-follow recipe. Used a very good cut of beef, which turned out tender and juicy but didn't have a lot of flavor - it was more like a good beef stew. Maybe this what it supposed to taste like but I was expecting more flavor. I want to like this dish - it goes together so quickly and easily - so I will look up other versions of this recipe to see if other cooks employ other seasonings before I try experimenting on my own.

We didn’t love this. The flavour is mediocre and the instructions are confusing.  Perhaps hoisin saucewould zip it up next time.., and more ginger along with some cornstarch to thicken it.

This recipe didn't come out very well. The flavors weren't that great and the instructions were confusing.
The marinade was alright, but I added cinnamon, cayenne pepper, and grated ginger which made the marinade a lot more interesting. 
The "dipping sauce" was awful. It was terribly salty and didn't have a good flavor. I tried saving it with some brown sugar and chili oil, which helped a little. 
What confused me was that the marinade listed 2 Tbsp oyster sauce and 4 cloves of garlic, the dipping sauce included 2 Tbsp of oyster sauce and 4 gloves of garlic, and then in the instructions it says to "cook and stir beef mixture, 2 Tbsp oyster sauce, and 4 cloves minced garlic together in hot oil...". Those additional Tbsp and cloves of garlic aren't listed separately in the ingredients list. And are you really telling me this recipe includes SIX tablespoons of oyster sauce and TWELVE cloves of garlic? I didn't add those extras in since they were already in the marinade. But why would they be written separately?
At any rate, we had it with rice and red pepper, mushrooms, and broccoli. My husband liked it but I didn't and I won't be making it again (at least not using this recipe--especially that dipping sauce).

Great flavor profile but maybe a little too much sauce (only reason for the 4 rating).  The tenderloin is a perfect cut for this dish, basically melts in your mouth.  I was trying to get a good sear but I think I had too much marinade.  The dipping sauce is excellent when serving over a bed of lettuce, tomatoes & red onion.  Will make again!

I really liked and my picky daughter even asked for leftovers!!!  I did add mushrooms, onion, and bellpepper.

Wow!!! This was fantastic. Vietnamese food dishes are some of my favorite, and "shaking beef" is an absolute delicacy.  This is the exact dish!! The dipping sauce is also perfect :) Thanks for this wonderful keeper, and I'll be making it over and over again.

