i haven't actually made this according to this recipe yet but my mum's been making it for years and it's great to see a recipe that actually tells you to make the broth, cause this recipe is all about the broth! it's not key to use ox-tali or beef knuckle, just as long as you have enough large beef bones. it's best to actually 'clean' the bones before you cook- either some vinegar or whisky with lots of hot water-gives a cleaner taste and a clearer broth. i also always grill the onion, anise, cinnamon, ginger and peppercorns first and place all in cheese cloth bag. finally a tip for preparing, to cook noodles place soaked noodles in a sieve and place in boiling water(stir if needed) til the noodles are just soft, make one bowl at a time and serve steaming hot. enjoy!

I normally don't make pho with 'radish' in them, so I gave this recipe a try.  The radish gave a taste other than pho.  This is close to authethic but leave the radish out.

I spent hours making it and the broth was bland could use more variety of seasonings.

The pho is the best!

My first attempt at Pho and everyone loved it.  I did "cheat" and start with organic beef bone broth, but it came out so well that I probably will never start with the bones.

Bland and soup was too murky. Needs rock sugar and more variety of spices

i recommend adding a tbsp coriander seeds and toasting all the dry spices in a dry hot pan for a minute. also add more fish sauce. a LOT more. half a cup wouldn't be too much and it's a critical component.

So much better at home than at a restaurant. Waiting in line for this is nothing but a big pho queue…

love it and it's really easy

Actually i don't really like pho, because I've eaten in a country, it doesn't suit me.
Then my daughter convinced me, that it was very good.
So, from a few days ago, she planned to cook for both of us, and yesterday we tasted this recipe, it really proved to be very tasty and suitable for me.
Indeed there is something we modified from this recipe, we adjusted the ingredients available to us, but it was still good for us.
Especially after I know that seasoning is only dipped in broth, not using oil for sautéing, making me even more happy.
I apologize if my English is not good, thanks for the recipe

Added a few cloves of garlic but the rest was magical! Love it

