Basically, I have a recommendation for authentic vietnamese pho. Go to your local oriental/world food mart and buy the actual pho broth cubes. Just ask the cashier. They come in small packages of 6. This makes the pho taste authentic, rather than making your own broth or buying american beef broth. Happy eating!!

This is not pho.  Don't be fooled into thinking this is pho.  Pho is made from hours of cooking beef bones to soften the meat and draw out the bone marrow.    What we have here is spiced swanson beef broth.

It was fabulous and so easy, I’ve already shared it with others !

Wow! What a tasty soup! We loved it!

Absolutely delicious and healthy, too!

I spent part of my childhood in Bangkok, Thailand.  This comes close to the soups that you could purchase from the street vendors!  I used regular beef broth in this batch which I think lacked complexity, but was still pretty tasty.  I’m about to try my hand at homemade bone broth, so I’ll give it another try once I can make it with that.

It was amazing! Me and my daughter enjoyed making it together. However, we made some minor changes, including adding Fish flakes. We also noticed that while they did include fish sauce in their ingredients, they didn't include it in their directions, also most pho places add cilantro to their pho, and that would've tasted good. But overall, I really enjoyed making this recipe and plan to make it many more times in the very near future.

Needed more seasoning,.

Ok I love Pho. I love all the different tastes that dance in my mouth when eating eat. Most of all I love the broth and just the broth. This is a great broth to just heat up and drink. It's mild and sweet with a little bit of heat if you add a few drops of siracha to it when you heat it up.  I also put the onion and spices in a spice bag. I also love that you can adjust the slices to meet your tastebuds. I love even more that this Pho takes no time at all and even tho it doesn't use beef bones it's still a great recipe. Thanks for sharing.

I used Harvest brand Vietnamese PHO Beef Broth Mix. Eliminated the lemon grass and a few of the spices.  My son-in-law who is vietnamese, said that it was very close to the kind he is used to.  Appreciate the recipe as it gave me something to start with.

Tastes great.

