While the recipe steps were written unclearly and I had to rewrite them....this dish was superb.  I add sliced carrots to give it some color.  My teenage sons raved and ask for me to make it again.

I knew I took a risk subbing chicken because the marinade seemed more suited for beef.  Even  though I used only 1lb thin cut chicken, I didn't change the rest of the portions.  Fresh beans cooked for a minute in the micro, left out the cilantro and added an extra dash of red pepper.  Served with lime flavored basmati rice.  I hoped  the basil & mint flavors would come thru in the final dish like it does in Pho, but maybe it's different when cooked this way vs. soup.  Overall mine was a healthy dish packed with a lot of ingredients but not much excitement, so I may try again with beef.

12/30/20 - wanted something different to do with our thin steak and this sounded good - had everything on hand but the mint and this was good - I would double the sauce next time.  We served it over rice noodles.  Good but nothing special for me.

Made it during COVID-19 lockdown, so had to substitute some harder-to-get ingredients.  Instead of fish sauce, used Worcestershire sauce, and substituted Thai basil for a ground mix of 1 1/2 tbsp dried basil and 2 petals of star anise.  Added 4 cups raw crimini mushrooms (which I recommend cooking before adding) and 1 cup baby corn

My husband and I loved this. Really flavorful. I did not add the mint but otherwise exactly followed it as written!

Fantastic recipe!  0 leftovers!??

This is a great dish. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is the amount of fish sauce.  The combination of flavors was great - just too salty for my taste.  I will likely make this again and start with only 1/8 cup of fish sauce.  I used fresh green beans, mushrooms, and bell pepper as well as onion.

This one is for sure a keeper! All my guest loved it  thank you so much

The marinade is heavenly.  I used half the beef and kept the marinade the same, but drained it well before stir frying.  I used fresh green beans so they needed more cooking time before adding the sauce.  I also added a sliced red bell pepper for color and sweetness and some matchstick carrots for texture.  Served over brown rice noodles, but will serve with Jasmine rice next time.  This was an excellent dish, well worth the prep.

I made no changes and loved it!

Great, flavourful meal. We used different veggies and added some rice noodles. Thanks for the recipe.

