Excellent recipe.  Tastes just like my mom's "chau" (Vietnamese word for congee).  I doubled everything in the recipe except for the rice, which I added 2 cups of instead.  I didn't add any lime juice.  Great comfort food!

Chao ga or Vietnamese congee does not usually contain lemongrass, but I guess the addition may help to make the broth more fragrant.  Additionally, you may not want to stir the rice very often or at all while cooking as this will often cause scorching at the bottom of the pot.  Wait until the rice has cooked for 20 -30 minutes or just right before the you are about to eat to stir up the pot to break the rice grains.  The cooking time for the chicken is also quite lengthy.  If chicken were left to cook that long the meat would no longer be good.  Too mushy and stringy.  What my mom and I usually do is to cook the chicken for 30 to 45 mins depending on size, set the chicken aside to cool for a bit then remove the meat.  We then return the bones to the pot to continue making the stock.  Last but not least, the original preparation of chao contains garishes of cilantro, scallions aka green onions(not chives), and thinly sliced slivers of ginger.  If scallions are not available then the next best substitute would be thinly sliced onions.

This was an excellent dinner for a bunch of people with chest colds. I had a little trouble with the measurements, since liquid amounts aren't given, but I tweaked it a bit and made do. I used approximately 12 cups of water (less than what I used to boil the whole chicken in). I followed the recipe to fill the pot just above the chicken, then once it was done boiling, I allowed about 2/3 of that liquid to boil off, leaving me with my 12 cups (ish). I also increased the rice to 1/2 cup, but probably could have gone with a full cup of rice and still had it been liquid. As it was, it turned out more like soup with rice in it, instead of rice-soup. Everything else I followed per the instructions. I believe this recipe will make 12 servings, instead of the 4 it listed, perhaps more. I put it all in some tupperware, and we'll be having it for leftovers. It was quite good!

One of my fave foods from childhood.  But, you must add some fish sauce, it makes all the difference!

Not feeling well tonight, so I decided to give this a try using what I had on hand. With 7 cups of homemade chicken broth and 1 whole chicken breast previously cooked and frozen, I added that to the broth, and allowed it to cook probably about a half hour with the ginger until the chicken was mo longer frozen. I then strained out the ginger and chicken was removed to cool. I added 1/2 cup jasmine rice and let it simmer for 45 minutes then added the chopped chicken and a bit of chopped ginger because I love the ginger flavor.  I garnished it with the cilantro and lime. Man did it taste good and I am feeling better!

I ran into some problems with this recipe and ended up with two different meals, neither of which was quite right!  I'm a health nut and used brown rice instead of white (probably my first mistake,) so even after doubling the rice and cooking it for an hour all I had was a brothy soup and a tiny bit of rice.  Then I added more rice (about 1.5 cups) and left it to cook.  The new rice soaked up all the water and made it very thick!  Both 'recipes' were very good, though, so the second time I'll get it right!

I never use a whole chicken - I have no idea what to do with one - I usually get chicken tenderloins or cut up a chicken breast, and it works fine - it's actually very tasty.  I also add vegetable stock, which adds flavor, and if I'm in a really creative mood I add miso.  This is a great feel better winter recipe.

This was very good!  I had to change some things around because I was only making this for me, so I used chicken broth and threw a frozen boneless chicken breast into the pot and added some ginger root, soy sauce, a splash of sesame oil, and I didn't have lemon grass so I used a little lime zest.  I cooked it up for about a half hour, then I added the rice and let that cook.  I garnished the soup with sliced green onions and cilantro and 1 lime wedge.  I agree with other reviews though, it is not the same without the lime juice.

Hey all just a tip on the rice.  The way I learned to cook it was to soak the rice first in warm water, that'll help make the soup a little less thick.  I like to break the rice in warm water by hand before putting it into the pot so that the rice is smaller and a bit of smoother consistency.  Another way to prepare the rice is to slightly brown it in a dry skillet that gives it a little bit more flavor, which is really good.  I also cook the broth with a whole onion and carrots which is great when you're sick.

Chao ga or Vietnamese congee does not usually contain lemongrass, but I guess the addition may help to make the broth more fragrant.  Additionally, you may not want to stir the rice very often or at all while cooking as this will often cause scorching at the bottom of the pot.  Wait until the rice has cooked for 20 -30 minutes or just right before the you are about to eat to stir up the pot to break the rice grains.  The cooking time for the chicken is also quite lengthy.  If chicken were left to cook that long the meat would no longer be good.  Too mushy and stringy.  What my mom and I usually do is to cook the chicken for 30 to 45 mins depending on size, set the chicken aside to cool for a bit then remove the meat.  We then return the bones to the pot to continue making the stock.  Last but not least, the original preparation of chao contains garishes of cilantro, scallions aka green onions(not chives), and thinly sliced slivers of ginger.  If scallions are not available then the next best substitute would be thinly sliced onions.

I recently encountered congee as a breakfast option on a cruise ship, & fell in love with it.  Until I tasted this recipe, I thought it was just plain rice, but one small taste told me I'd found an exact match for the ship's version.  I added my favorite toppings: fried bean curd, sauteed mushrooms, sauteed onions, raw snow peas, & enoki mushrooms.  Also upped the quantity of rice for a thicker consistency.  I just threw everything in the pot at the same time & it came out perfect after about 1.5 hours.  Thanks for a wonderful recipe!  This one's a keeper.

