A couple of things on the fish sauce that my mom taught me as I grew up in the US: 1) the brand of the fish sauce makes a difference, good ones are milder in the "fish" flavor and not as quite as salty; 2) while they last a while, if kept too long, it gets a very strong flavor. Much better when fresh. Unfortunately as a little goes a long way, it usually takes me months to go through half a bottle but mom is right so I usually buy the smallest bottle I can find and keep them for only a month or two. I also cut down on the amount in this recipe to 2 tbs.

I made the sauce and truly didn't like it.  My husband and I love to eat Vietnamese food, but didn't enjoy the sauce.  Maybe it was the brand of fish sauce I bought.

This was excellent. We have three in our family and I had to make more because no one could stop eating it.Taste the dressing after everything is in it and adjust accordingly. In our case I added just a little more rice vinegar and lime juice.We added the mint per other suggestions and also some English cucumber, red bell pepper, cashews and chow mein noodles.Thanks for the recipe!!

This was ok. Simple enough to make and exactly as you would expect out of a chicken cabbage based salad.

Really nice salad! Substituted coconut aminos for the fish sauce and used toasted sesame seeds instead of the oil.I also added some sliced orange pepper and some sliced dried apricots  and found it added to the experience.

A nice lunch - I used a mix of bagged coleslaw and bagged broccoli slaw for the vegetables, that made it really easy.

This salad is fresh and tasty! The dressing is light but flavorful.

we LOVE this,,,,, crunchy, bold flavors. The only things I do differently is to make double the dressing  only because its so good, and  double the cilantro because I loce cilantro

Oh my goodness! This is AMAZING! I was a little lazy making it so I used a rotisserie chicken rather than chicken breasts.. SO GOOD!

The only thing I changed was eliminating the hot peppers. Next time I would do that again along with reducing the fish sauce and increasing the sugar.  When I get this at my favorite Vietnamese restaurant it is usually sweeter, lighter, and much less salty.  I will definitely try it again though and continue tweaking it until I get it just right.  Someone mentioned mango...that would be a really nice add on!

The dressing for this is ridiculously tasty.

