This is definitely a keeper.  I substituted the shallots for 1/2 a white onion.  I also substituted lemon for lime and did not have any cilantro.  It still came out great!  Thanks Everret!

Maybe the worst recipe I've ever tried. Who puts 1.5 teaspoons of black pepper into a sauce on top of 1/4 teaspoon of red pepper flakes? And the fish sauce did nothing for the overall flavor. I had to rinse one of the fillets so that my wife could eat her's. Disappointment is an understatement.

used talipia fillets. I deep fried the fish before adding it to the sauce. Added Jalepenoes as well.  It's a little too sweet for me, I'll just add some salt next time. Delicious overall, feel like I'm eating at a restaurant or a street stall in Vietnam.

Absolutely loved it!!! I always look at other people's comments and ratings before I make a recipe, just to see if there is any recommended adjustments. The only thing I adjusted was the pepper. I put just one teaspoon instead of 1 tsp and 1/2 teaspoon. Turned out perfect. Great recipe.

The sticky, spicy, and peppery sauce is amazing! It is spicy, but I served it over white rice. I wouldn't change anything in round 2 myself. Awesome way to cook catfish!

No changes.  My kids loved it.  I will make this again.

Word to the wise: seriously cut back on the pepper. Also, recipe works on any sort of white fish. So if you don't have or can't find catfish, you can substitute.

This was fantastic! I made it last week, and It was the first allrecipes meal I made. I'm making another recipe this week. I am competent in the kitchen, but far from expert, and I was able to make this with no issues. Since it's just my wife and me, I used about half the fish, but made the sauce per the recipe anyway, which was good because I had just enough. The flavors were fantastic! I used maybe 2/3 of the garlic and red chilis it called for, and that gave it a kick without the heat or garlic being the star of the show. If it could have used anything, I think it would be some chopped peanuts or cashews on top for texture.

It was a nice change of pace. I think I cooked the sugar a little too long because I ended up with some clumps of caramel that were hard to dissolve.

That was amazing!  I didn't have fish sauce so I substituted soy mixed with a little hoisin sauce. I used a mixture of white and raw sugar. I like hots so I added extra pepper flakes. Also I did it have cilantro. After  I took the fish out to brown the sauce for finishing I noticed the fish could cook a little more. I added it back to the pot for 2 minutes. I will make this again next time with the fish sauce.

