I love this ,I call it Thai coffee myself.For a couple of $,at your world market,invest in the little tin covered coffee filters,that sit on top of glass.Now ,go to Target,lol,and buy heavy tall glasses,20-24 oz.,that fit nicely under the filter.(you'll be making these often,once you've tried it) The finer the grind of coffee,the stronger,and better the flavor.I pour condensed milk into glasses,and freeze for about an hour before starting to serve.Also,if you can find smaller,say, 1/2"-1" ice cube trays,they work better.Put the ice cubes in a small decorative bucket,and allow ppl to scoop their own ice after the coffee has filtered into glasses. Enjoy!

Either this is way too sweet, or the coffee is not strong enough. The amount of condensed milk would be good if using a bitter or dark roast otherwise it should be reduced if using a milder blend. I found that it tasted like an overly sweet, regular iced coffee. I will try this again if I can find those little brewers many have mentioned, and the blend of coffee one reviewer mentioned. Also, the ice isn't sufficient to make this cold.

I love it.

great stuff!  I make a half batch in a 2 cup measuring cup, then refrigerate it for several hours before serving it.

Should need less water. I usually use 2 teaspoon of coffee for nearly half a cup of water (approx. 85mL). I prefer dark roast coffee from Starbucks or Trung Nguyen, avoid using Folgers because the coffee bean taste is sour and often is bland. Then about 3 full teaspoon of condensed milk. Condensed milk with slight creamy flavour are my favourite because it adds more aspect to the coffee. But I do encourage using this recipe with lots of water for people that are caffein-sensitive, because some coffee got really high caffein concentration and you could easily pass out when consuming just a small amount.

This is like an upscale iced latte version of a 19th century military ration, where you'd get this little tube of sweetened condensed milk & a packet of instant coffee. If it wasn't for the already high sugar content, I'd be tempted to add a spoonful of chocolate syrup to make an iced mocha latte. I unfortunately prefer extremely creamy coffee that's not overly sweet, so I have to leave it with a strong bitter beany flavor or add more regular cream or unsweetened coconut milk.

I've had Vietnamese iced coffee from many cafes and I didn't realize how simple it was to make at home! I didn't follow this recipe exactly as I had already brewed my coffee the way I liked. I just put some sweetened condensed milk and ice cubes in the coffee along with a packet of stevia. Delicious. This recipe is so simple and easy to change to your liking so I don't see why anyone would rate it poorly. Just adjust the measurements!

I LOVED IT!!!!! i found it better to chill the coffee before pouring over ice so it didn't water down:)

I like really strong coffee, so I knew I would need to adjust this recipe a little bit. I scaled it down to one serving just for me. Then I made my regular 1 cup of strong coffee to which I added the 2 T. sweetened condensed milk. The recipe then called for 4 ice cubes, but that means the hot coffee would melt the ice cubes and dilute the drink. So I used Beverage Cubes from this site made out of coffee. I keep them in my freezer for iced coffee, so they seemed the perfect choice. And they were. This recipe is very easy to tailor to one's own personal coffee preference by varying the different ingredients.

As a guy from Vietnam I have to say the best way to make a Vietnamese ice coffee is with a cafe phin or Vietnamese coffee filter.  This will help get the authentic brewing technique that makes the best Vietnamese coffee. I use ChestBrew Whole Bean coffee because it's the only brand available that's harvested and roasted in Vietnam.  It's available at www.ChestBrew.com.

I grind my beans to a medium to coarse setting and then set it aside.  I take my mixing glass and add in about 2 tbs of condensed milk.  I fill my phin up with about 2tbs of coffee and twist the tamp on secure but not too tight.  I pop that on my mixing glass and slowly pour hot water in the phin until it's full to the top.  It should drip out slowly and be a nice dark black color.  It's takes awhile to drip fully but trust me, the longer it takes the better it tastes.  You can always ore water but about 1 cup should do it. When it's done I take the phin off, stir it up and add ice.

Nothing left to do but enjoy after that.

Easy and delicious, great flavor!

