I'm the recipe owner the the ingredient list was printed wrong. ONLY use about 1-3 tablespoons Fish Sauce - NOT 1/4 cup.  Measure based on your personal preference. You can also use boneless/skinless chicken thighs for this. I forgot to put in the ingredient list to add a few pinches of brown sugar.  It rounds out the flavor wonderfully.  *Dark meat is the usual choice for this traditional dish.

I've also found this dish to be extraordinarily salty with the amount of fish sauce recommended.  It was inedible until I added a bit of vinegar and brown sugar.  I would imagine it is a delicious recipe if you use the fish sauce sparingly.

I actually made it with fish as I had the intention of using it in a curry tonight. Lots of flavour here! I might use a tad less curry powder next time. I also added bok choy, mint & cilantro from the garden.

My hubby travels frequently & brought home some "dried" Lemon Grass Spice!  This is the recipe I chose to make with it.  Having brined my chicken breasts prior to slicing in half & marinating offered a more tender meat. I also  broiled the chicken instead of using the BQ.  I would describe this dish as well-mannered with hints of Thai, Asia, etc.  I will most definitely make this Vietnamese Classic again!

Pretty darn good!  I added about 3 Tbsp brown sugar and half a cup of golden raisins to simmer with the chicken.  Served it over jasmine rice….clean pan!!

This was delicious! Made it for some very picky teenagers because I had all of the ingredients and it was a HIT! Read the owner's warning and made the correction. Again, DELICIOUS!

Saw lemongrass in the store, wanted to make something with it, found this recipe on the AR app and made it that night. Soooo good. Loved the sauce.

Mommy From Seattle! Love this dish! And my husband who is Vietnamese-Chinese thought I would never be able to make a Vietnamese dish.  He was enthusiastically impressed and wants me to make the dish again! But I'd like to impress him with my new culinary skills.  Would you please post other dishes using lemon grass.
Thank you! Spicy Thai

My family (including my 5 and 7 yr olds) Loved this recipe. I did make sure to read the owners warning about the error with the fish sauce amount and it all turned out fantastic. I served it over white rice.

Use fish sauce made in Thailand the others are way to salty. White sugar cuts the salt taste. The barnd I use is Tiparos (fish sauce) If you like the taste of fish sauce I suggest adding a 1/4 cup of sugar the cut the salt. This is a great recipe

I've also found this dish to be extraordinarily salty with the amount of fish sauce recommended.  It was inedible until I added a bit of vinegar and brown sugar.  I would imagine it is a delicious recipe if you use the fish sauce sparingly.

