This is pretty great. My improvements, based off what I've seen in Vietnamese restaurants, which I would highly recommend:  1. Make your own stock. Use raw chicken, cut it from the bone, and boil the meat and bone for a while. I used about one bone for each cup of broth I needed to make. Since I didn't have enough bones, I combined my homemade stock with store-bought stock.  2. Add a star anise while the bones simmer. It makes the soup more savory.  3. Offer cilantro, chili paste, and lime as garnish options.  I would also recommend using a little more bean sprouts and bok choy than this calls for. Some might prefer a little less chicken. If you like your bean sprouts crispy at all, only use them as garnish; don't simmer them at all.

It was okay.  I had to do a bit of doctoring to make it really taste authentic for me (I've been to Vietnam, eaten a LOT of Vietnamese pho over the years).  I used a little less of the ginger and added a bit of sinigang, which is tart seasoning often used in Asian soups.

This is the first time I've attempted a pho.  It was quite delicious, though somewhat milder than I would have liked.  Next time I will add more garlic, ginger and fish sauce.  I added a bit of sriracha in my bowl.  I will certainly make this again with a few little tweaks.

It was a good recipe. Not sure if I’ll be making it again though.

I used ponzu with lime to give it an extra kick. Also added Bella mushrooms.

Slightly altered because I just used what I had, but man so good.

Delicious!!

Very nice basic recipe that can easily be added to to dress it up!  Nice flavour

Used pho seasoning/broth from .asian Market in addition to these ingredients also added a cinnamon stick. I use  rice noodles, spinach, Thai basil in addition to the Ming bean sprouts, scallions and bok Chou.
I also use the carcass and left over meat from a roasted chicken.

Love this recipe. I made my own broth by putting a whole chicken in a large stockpot, covered it with water and added 3 anise stars. Simmered it all 4 hours or so. Took meat off the bones, threw away the skin, put the bones back in the pot, and simmered another couple hours. Strained it through cheesecloth into a second stockpot. Had about 24 cups of amazing broth. I froze 12 cups and used the other 12 cups, doubling the recipe, but sticking to the ingredients listed. Used cooked rice noodles (added to each bowl of soup before serving), added sliced mushrooms, and served with lime wedges, sriracha, and Thai basil. Could not find bean sprouts anywhere and I do think they are a great addition to the soup, so I will keep searching for next time. Thank you for sharing this wonderful recipe

This was excellent. My boyfriend raved about it! Will be making this again and again.

