OMG Don't let the name fool you, these are really good.  I followed step 1 and 2 then after taking the meat out of the oven I set the meat aside and took all the left over drippings in a saucepan added 2 cloves of garlic let it cook for about minute added 1/4 cup of balsamic then 3/4 cup of chicken broth let that simmer for about 2 minutes stirred in about 2 tablespoons of cornstarch to thicken the sauce then added the meat to the gravy simmering and turning meat over once.  My side dish was garlic mashed potatoes and stemmed veggies.....I have to cook more next time these were gone so fast....Thanks for this receipe Nelson...wow what a keeper

We were not very impressed with this recipe.  It was too sweet for us.

Easy and great tasting

Used more chili powder and less sugar. A delicious meal.

I made this recipe for my Easter dinner and everyone loved it!  I read some of the reviews and advice.  Especially the one suggesting a gravy with added chicken bouillon and balsamic vinegar.The lamb chops were fork tender and full of flavor.  Everyone had seconds and I had no leftovers.  Don’t let the name full you, this recipe truly is a winner in my book!

I have made this a dozen times now and I’m never diss appointed. Best loin chop recipe I’ve ever tasted. This week I’m going to try making it with a rack of lamb instead of the loin chops but I’m sure it will be amazing!

Was craving red meat, but didn't want the usual hamburger or steak recipe, so I decided to try this instead. My neighborhood butcher was out of Lamb Loin Chops so I bought Lamb Shoulder Chops and cut them in half. As garlic doesn't agree with me I made the following substitutions:

2 tbsp Ground Cumin (garlic clove substitute)
1 tbsp Ground Coriander (garlic powder substitute)
2 Stalks Celery thinly sliced (Cilantro substitute)

and changes/additions:
1 tbsp Ground Ginger
2 tbsp light brown sugar
Pinch Cheyenne Pepper

Rather than add each ingredient directly to the meat, I instead added all the ingredients to a bowl, then added:
1/4 cup Balsamic
3/4 cup Chicken Broth
per "The Q's" recommendation, thoroughly mixing with a whisk. The mixture was then poured over and 'massaged' into the meat, covered and left to marinate for 1.5 days. I turned the meat every 12 hours to ensure full coverage on both sides.

Prior to baking, I again followed "The Q's" advice and poured the leftover mixture/drippings into a saucepan allowing it to simmer several minutes. I then mixed the cornstarch in a bowl with a small amount of water until the powder had completely dissolved PRIOR to adding it to the saucepan; this ensured the resulting gravy was lump-free. I turned the meat while baking, again to ensure it was well-done throughout. It goes without saying this recipe satisfied my red meat craving.

As recommended I made more sauce and just a pinch of sugar. It turned out great.

I made it last week. I was short on cilantro so decided to add some mint chutney that I had in my refrigerator. Turned out amazing. My oven is temperamental. Should have cooked it for 15 mins instead of 20 for medium.

This recipe is really good!  The only change I made was that I used twice the amount of soy sauce, oil and lime juice mixture over the chops.  I didn't have any fresh cilantro to use and the chops still turned out great!  20-25 minutes in the oven and they were tender and delicious!

The lemon/lime juice and cilantro make this special. Perfect Easter dish.

