I've been making this sauce for years.  First of all, I would double the recipe, second combine all ingredients in a sauce pan and bring to boil, the heat intensify the flavor, especially the garlic. I keep tasting it and adding more fish sauce, lime juice and sugar as needed until I like it.  Doing it this way, you also dissolve all the sugar, so the sugar wouldn't just settle to the bottom.

I'm feel bad giving this recipe such a bad rating. Vietnamese food is my favorite and this sauce did not taste right at all. The garlic over powered everything!!!!

The red pepper flake will do in a pinch but I would swap that out for Thai chili pepper if you can.

Adds an extra dimension to the flavors

4.3.20 Followed this recipe to the letter, and just didn’t care for the way it turned out.  Very, very bland, weak flavor, and it just tasted like too much water…period!  I would recommend that you start with 1/2 cup water, taste, and then add more if you feel it’s necessary.  I did have some Thai chili peppers in the fridge, so I ended up slicing them and adding to the sauce to give it a little zing.  Sorry for the less than favorable review, but this just didn’t work for me.

Don't follow the instructions. Just mortar three red chilies with a tablespoon of garlic and add lemon juice and fish sauce to taste. Done.

This is awesome!  but,not surprising considering it has everything I love, Garlic and fish sauce! Not to sweet. I did add 1 tbs garlic pepper paste. Will make this again.

Not exactly what the restaurant gives you but the closest I have found.  I always heat mine up to dissolve the sugar.  just on low in a pot while everything else is being prepped.  Might try a little less fish sauce next time

Since it won't let me edit my review I will add another one. The second time I made this I thickened with corn starch stirred into part of the water. We liked it better this way. Bring to a boil until thickened.

Great recipe.  There's no need to boil the sugar like a reviewer suggested, stirring does the trick.  Boiling will also change the flavor of the fresh garlic.

A good start.  I found that heating the water in the microwave for 30 secs or so helped the sugar dissolve more easily. I added 1/4 cup more water and a pinch less garlic. Can substitute Sriracha hot sauce for red pepper flakes.

