These were very good!!  I added thin sliced grilled pork meat because that's my favorite combination, but of course you can just put shrimp by itself. the dipping sauce is not quite the same as the one in my favorite Vietnamese restaurant, but it is good. My advice is to adjust the herbs to your preference, don't use something you don't like because their flavor will come up quite clear in your palate (not subtle like when they are cooked into something).

The dipping sauce was not very good, in the opinion of my family. There was too much vinegar, which over-powered the other flavors. I had to add lots more sugar.

I was looking for something different to try. Something that I’ve never tried before but also healthy.Really loved this recipe, very easy and fun to make. The dipping sauce is a really tasty compliment. Will definitely recommend this.

Will definitely make again, I also shredded a few pieces of daikon in the sauce. Lime is the key with a good quality fish sauce.

50% fish sauce add crushed peanuts

I made these less the mint and cilantro. Both my wife and I don't like cilantro, and don't ever remember having these with mint. I did add bean sprouts and chopped green onions tho. I did make the peanut/hoisen dip and we also used seafood sauce, the kind you dip chilled shrimp in. We've used that dip for years eating these, and find it's a perfect fit. Anyway these are a light, refreshing meal or appy for an Asian style dinner. We also made Ebi sunomomo, and had before the wraps. Yummy!??

Delicious, easy and inexpensive!

This was my first batch. It took me a few rolls to get the hang of it, but next time, they'll be firmer. I used tofu instead of shrimp and those turned out good.

OMG! How delish!!!!!I grabbed the fresh mint and basil from my garden, along with the cilantro added such an awesome flavor!!!

Spring rolls were very good! Dont stuff them too full or they may split as i learned. I made peanut sauce and I will make them again!
Prep and divide your ingredients as suggested!

YUMMMMM!!!!!!!

