Cora!  Girlfriend.  Way to make me look like a rockstar in the privacy of my own home (which is all that really matters to me).  

The only thing I did differently was BBQ/grill the chicken breasts before tossing them into the soup.  
To be perfectly honest?  My thinking was, if this doesn't pan out at least the chicken will be on point.  Well we loved it, all.

I have THE world's pickiest (and most honest) hubby and he was raving.  

The lime and Sriracha ending are everything, don't leave them out.  Same with cilantro.  You know what?  Don't leave anything out, this bad boy is on point.

Just a note, if you put the rice noodles in when the recipe says, they will disintegrate. They only need to be soaked in hot water for a minute. Drizzle with sesame oil before serving.

Whoa!!! This taste just like the restaurants! So delicious!!! I added what I do in the restaurant like, fresh cut up basil, hoisin and sriracha. Taste even better! My mother said she liked this more than the restaurant! And she usually a tough critic! Yessss!!  So easy too!

This is disgusting.  Pho is an artform and take hours to make for a reason. This is just a sad mess of cheap imitation  broth with soggy rice noodles. Go somewhere and try the resl thing or make it from a real recipe

This came out amazing! I followed the recipe mostly, but instead of water I used store bought pho broth. I added some Thai fish sauce to give it the more authentic flavor and I cut up some lemongrass and added it with the other greens. I love mine with a little hoisin sauce for sweetness and a little sriracha for some spice. Didn’t have bean sprouts but didn’t miss them. This is a good recipe!

I hate mushrooms, but also don't like to modify the recipe before trying it. I have a bigger problem with the texture than taste, so I kept them in and made large slices I could remove. 

It was really an amazing, restaurant quality meal. Thanks for sharing!

No. just no. This was the most flavourless pho I have ever made. A pho had a deep broth from the meat being cooked for hours,  not stock granules! It lacked star anise, fresh ginger, cilantro, and fish sauc. all of which guve pbo its traditional  flavour. This was just a watered down chicken soup. Never making again.

I used chicken stock instead of water and added a little Chinese 5 spice for flavor. I also topped each bowl with basil. I also topped each bowl with Thai peppers. This cake out really good! Thanks for the recipe:)

I actually used this recipe as a starting point but made it with beef broth and added sliced beef for the protein. I also added some soy sauce stew started.  It came out great.

Put chicken into the crockpot in the morning with canned broth.  In the evening finishing was a snap and everyone loved it.  Yummy and healthy!  A keeper.

Absolutely delicious! We didn't actually cook the chicken before dumping it in the soup but it cooked in a couple of minutes and was fine. Didn't add bean sprouts. Used vegetable bouillon instead of chicken. Topped with Thai basil as well.

