VERY EASY to make & super yummy even if I tweaked the ingredients! It's pretty much a fool-proof kind of recipe. I used Filipino vermicelli (looks more like glass noodle) which cooks for only less than 5 mins. :] Special sauce + sriracha =

Waaay too much fish sauce!  Start with 1 tablespoon and work up from there.  Also, use lime juice instead of vinegar - more flavor and more authentic.

Great for summer.

Delicious, I used medium rice noodles 😁

Great for summer. Can tune down the vinegar a little.

Tasted too much of vinegar. In my experience, a nuoc cham sauce should be sweeter and more subtle, not taste like you're downing a bottle of vinegar.

Be sure to pickle carrots the night before you plan to make the meal.  The meal was a light, fresh, and filling meal.  Very tasty.

I skipped the peanuts and I had 5 Spice chicken instead of shrimp. Great combination! I would triple the carmelized shallots. I made the pickled carrots and daikon the day before and it really added to the mix, I would not suggest to do it without the carrots/daikon (if you cannot find daikon, just do the carrots!). We had company and everyone loved the dish. Next time, I will get the proper bowls so can fit better in the dish.

Overall it was wonderful! I agree with some other reviewers that the amount of fish sauce would be overpowering. I would recommend between 2 and 3 tablespoons rather than a full quarter cup. In the sauce I also used 1 full teaspoon of garlic and doubled the red pepper flakes. I also pickled some fresh jalepeno along with the carrots to give it some extra bite. (Pickled in seasoned rice vinegar for a few hours so they're tangy but still crisp.) I'm pretty sure I also doubled the amount of shallots.

I definitely would not skip out on the herbs as I saw someone else suggest if you have the choice at all. All I was able to get was fresh cilantro and then dried mint and even just the two of those added so much flavor.

I didn't have any shrimp on-hand so I just lightly salted and grilled some chicken breast and that worked out just fine.

I will say I actually think I like it better as leftovers the next day when the noodles are chilled and have had a chance to soak up the sauce and shallot flavor.

This was absolutely incredible prepared exactly as directed. I will make this for guests.

I didn't make the shallots, I only used 2 tablespoons of the fish sauce, I used the juice of 2 limes and 2 tablespoons of Rice vinegar,  I pan seared my shrimp with lemon pepper seasoning, and I used cellophane noodles,  I used regular pickled radish, no daikon to be found. All  those changes, and this was just outstanding. I'm dreaming of the next time to make it, which might just be tomorrow night because we have leftover cellophane noodoes, can't let them go to waste, right?
Very filling and satisfying too.
You gotta make this!

