I have been eating Vietnamese sandwiches for a quarter of a century and this is by far the best recipe I have ever found for them. I have made them with bot portabello mushrooms and BBQ pork steaks sliced into thin strips. My sisters and I get together to make them every couple months and like tamales we make them in dozens for our family and friends to enjoy.

The sauce is way too sweet.

You don't say where the minced garlic goes.  I've made this twice without the garlic and it is wonderful so I think I'll continue to skip it.
I have never had this type of sandwich so I don't know what is supposed to taste like.  I do know this was delicious!  I couldn't get any Thai Basil, I guess I'll try to grow some of my own.  I made my own baguettes. This was a really good sandwich, thanks for the recipe.  This would also be great with thinly sliced chicken or beef instead of the mushrooms.

This was easy & delicious. I made the sauce and marinated sliced pork in it while I was at work, then made fresh sauce when we were ready to eat. My toddler couldn't do the sandwich so he ate everything separately, but my husband and I loved the contrast between crunchy vegetables and soft bread. We will be making this again soon!

Carrots too vinegary, and sauce is too thin.

WOW! I used mock duck in place of the mushrooms- more substantial and more protein! Browned the mock duck in a non-stick skillet and added some of the sauce- a nice hint of sweet.  I shredded the carrots & radish, and didn't cook them.  Couldn't tell the difference in taste and it saved a step.  Wouldn't change anything else!

I felt that the sauce was a little tart for my taste so next time I may decide to do it along with mayonnaise which is also traditionally used in Banh-Mi sandwiches. I would also toast the bread to assure your sandwich doesn’t get soggy too quickly from the sauce. The cilantro and basil combination was great! This is definitely something that can be enjoyed in large portions without guilt.

Too much lime juice and no sugar in the pickling liquid. Otherwise, a good recipe. Sugar, vinegar, water and some salt will do it just fine. A little lime can't hurt of course, but 1/2 cup is way too much.

Really really good. I grilled some tofu and added it to the sandwich instead of the mushrooms and it was a true veggie delight. Only thing I would do differently next time is toast the bread as the sauce made my baguette quite soggy.

this sandwich is so fresh and delightful, I just love the veggies, I did add some meat to the sandwich but the sauce to marinate it in is awesome did add some teriakie to the chicken just so my picky eater would like some part of it. yummy will be on my menu every month. Thanks for the recipe.

