For those of you unfamiliar with Thai and Vietnamese cuisine, their springrolls are not crispy like Japanese or Chinese springrolls. The meat(if any) is cooked before being rolled in the wrapper. The veggies are normally raw or(rarely) lightly steamed. They're like a little salad in a wrapper. I love them in summer. In Thai cooking springrolls use a rice paper wrapper and is eaten raw, eggrolls use a thin wonton(wheat paper) wrapper and is eaten fried. What may have confused some of you is that the recipe just says springroll wrappers. The chinese ones are wheat and are not meant to be dipped in water but fried. The thai and vietnamese ones are rice, stiff and meant to be softened in water and eaten raw. In my area the package just says rice paper, nothing about springrolls.

Not my thing ... too many ingredients, that are expensive and not typical and didn't turn out very good.

This recipe was delicious! The chicken marinated in the peanut sauce, garlic, ginger, and soy sauce was great. We set out the ingredients in bowls and had everyone build their own spring rolls, not only was it delicious but it was fun too.

Very good, clean flavors. Easy to make. Good addition to anyone's dinner option.

Easy to cook. Need some practice doing a proper roll

Great recipe. Hubby found the texture odd. Make sure you give yourself plenty of time to assemble the actual rolls. I left out the watercress, cilantro, & bean sprouts (since I chose to make this last minute & didn't have them in my kitchen). Instead I used fresh spinach, red peppers, and powdered ginger. It turned out great, and I love that you can sub this or that to tailor the recipe to your tastes.

The flavors were good. My husband and I enjoyed the meal a lot, but it was a lot of work for a meal that was only “good.” I made my own peanut sauce instead of using store-bought, which helped with the flavor. I also would cut the chicken into smaller chunks if I made this again.

Did not make any changes.  The spring rolls are easy to make, light, and very tasty.  I will make them again soon.

This recipe calls for one pound of watercress. That is a huge amount. Overall this is not that great a recipe. Cutting chicken in one inch chunks and trying to get those in a rice wrap is not easy. It's not bad; just something I'm not going to try again.

I made these and they  were very good and no changes to the recipe

Delicious. Just like the restaurant.

