As with almost every Vietnamese dish I've eaten and cooked, this is a savory and addictive, awesomely good and simple recipe, especially when the dish is served with sauteed vegetables, sesame green beans and jasmine rice (as mentioned by a previous reviewer) or vermicelli (as mentioned by another).  I agree that the lemongrass must be pulverized with a mortar & pestle or in a food processor (you can also buy frozen pulverized lemongrass in little plastic cups in some Asian markets).  Additionally, only the tender interior of the fresh lemongrass should be used for this as the outer leaves are too fibrous.  My one comment about this dish is that it is much more authentic and tastier made with fish sauce (Vietnamese nuoc mam, Thai nam pla or even Filipino patis) instead of soy sauce, which I know can sometimes be harder to find than the readily available soy sauce.  NOTE:  the fish sauce I mention is *NOT* the sweetened American kind served as a dip with fried fish, but the Asian version made from fermented fish.  Soy sauce makes it universal for everybody to make, and still creates a terrific dish. Thanks for sharing this great recipe!

What this recipe lacks is an essential ingredient. The beef is traditionally served with rice vermicelli which can be easily prepared in the following way:
1-soak the vermicelli for about one hour in cold water. Hot water ruins it.
2-have a pot of boiling hot water ready  and a hand strainer full of the limp noodles. Dip in for about 30 seconds to 45 seconds and take out. While dipping use chopsticks to mix the noodles around in the striner. 
3-continue with remaining noodles until all are cooked.
lemongrass tip--put lemongrass stalks in food processor (add a small bit of water if dry)and freeze in small usable portions for future, saves time in the future for other dishes like the beef and or use on chicken.

Good start. Needed a sauce/dressing.

Simple and delicious.  I used the beef along with some pickled veggies for some awesome Bahn Mi.

I didn't make any changes to the marinade.  I did choose to cook it on the grill without skewers and ate on a bed of rice with a cucumer/avacado/tomato salad...  Oh and I used boneless beef ribs.  It turned out amazing... Word to the wise I bought 1.5lbs like the recipe said and it was barely enough marinade so if you use extra meat then make extra marinade.

marinated for 6 hours. i really liked it added rice noodles

This was yummy. I didn't skewer the meat. I just marinated it and cooked it on the grill.  I sliced it into strips and served it over Israeli couscous. It was great.  Yummy flavor. Use Lemongrass. I didn't  add sesame seeds- I used them all up last week.

These were GREAT!! I used half soy sauce and half fish sauce in the marinade. PLEASE don't substitute the lemon grass! It really adds flavor that nothing else can duplicate. We buy lemon grass at the Asian market, chop it up, and freeze it. Then you can have it available for recipes like this one.

Very Good! The produce section didn't have fresh lemon grass. I bought some in a jar and used about 2 to 3 tablespoons. It tasted the same. Also, in response to other reviews, discard the sliced lemon grass with the marinade before eating.

This was very good. I baked it instead of grilling in a pan and I did not even need to use the sauce i made because it was nice in the juices left over from the marinade. I also had to marinade it for 5 hours because I was ou of the house. Came out very yummy!

Used 1 lb meat and 3 stalks of lemon grass, will def use more lemon grass next time.  Served with Spicy Bok Choy with Garlic Sauce to which I added more veggies.

