These are wonderful!  I made a spicy peanut dipping sauce for them.  Added mint and cilantro with the basil and MMMM Good!  Thanks so much Claudine!  No longer do I have to go OUT to have yummy salad rolls!  It was easier to make these than to find the rice paper to roll them up in.  But my local Asian market finally solved the problem.  Make and enjoy!

These were good but missing something. I will try adding more basil or mint maybe next time. I think the peanut sauce would also complement these well.

It is very good I made some with basil and some with mint and some with both. They were all good.

Delicious

Great recipe. Easy. Expected it to be more difficult. Not. Didn't have enough lettuce so used some cabbage as well. Couldn't really taste the basil. Love hoisin sauce but maybe will try something with less intense flavor so more of the roll flavor comes through. Will make it again.

Excellent.

I made these last night as they were very good! Only thing I changed was mint instead of basil and I added some cucumber! I also used fish sauce as the dip.. I would recommend this recipe

Fabulous! I replaced the shrimp with baked tofu. This was so flavorful that no dipping sauce was wanted. These are light and refreshing, and I love to have these during the summer when it's too hot to cook.

I needed a recipe not for the ingredients but to help me remember the steps to making salad rolls... this one worked excellently!! The right balance of noodles, veggies, and meat. However, I use cilantro instead of basil, add roast pork along with the shrimp, and added a cup of peanut butter to the sauce - all touches from our favorite Vietnamese restaurant!! Thanks for a great basic recipe!!!

this is an easy recipe, but the local market didnt have basil, or mint..so i used fresh cilantro instead.  it's a great alternative to sandwiches in the children's lunches.  thanks!

Delicious!  I was surprised to find that rice paper is relatively easy to work with.  I made the Thai-Style Peanut Sauce with Honey (from this site) instead of the hoisin.

