I've been making cha gio for 45 years and I'm always looking for a healthier version. The ground chicken resulted in a drier texture than what I'm normally use to. This recipe has the foundation for one of my favorite meals of all time. If you are going to use chicken instead of an authentic pork version I highly recommend using all dark meat otherwise sub pork for the chicken and you have a winner. I also use 'Menlo' brand wrappers because true rice paper can be difficult to work with. As for a healthier version -  I'll just shorten my life and stick with the pork and deep fry them because they are that good.

This recipe is close to correct for authentic spring rolls with rice paper. For those having issues with the rice paper - you have to let the spring rolls air dry for a few hours before frying when using rice paper. Even better if you let them air dry and then freeze them. This is worth making in a big batch so you can have them later, for that reason.Frying rice paper when it's still wet will yield bubbles, sticky mess, ect that some reviewers have had.

Wish I had read the review that said to not use rice paper!Using rice paper was a disaster, sticking together, bubbling up, breaking in the oil.Flavors were good but use egg roll wrappers!

This is a great recipe but has a few flaws in the wording of the directions.

I used pork instead of chicken, and was really happy with that decision, it was a lot more flavorful, but yes, probably not as healthy. I also COOKED the pork with some fresh garlic, and let it cool all the way before adding it to my mix. I also used COOKED shrimp. I was doubtful that 5 minutes in some oil would cook the meat all the way through on the inside of the egg roll. 

Also! Use "Egg Roll Wrappers," not "Rice Paper Wrappers." Those are two very different things. 
*Tip: when you're rolling up the egg rolls, be sure they are not touching each other when you set them aside. The dough will stick to the other rolls!

This was the recipe I’ve been looking for! This is my first time to ever write a review and I get all of my recipes from AR! That is how good it is! You can substitute any veggies, I added some chilli sauce to the concoction to give it more flavour, and then to dip it in. I am gluten free and this is the closest to an egg roll that I haven’t been able to have in over 10 years. I didn’t add meat so it was also vegetarian. But the basics of the whole recipe are spot on. Without the tip to wet a towel to transfer the disc to I would have given up. The only tip I have is to fry it in a non stick pan, I used a regular pan and ruined the first batch because it stuck to the bottom of the pan and then fell apart. Also keep them from not touching or they will also stick together and if you try to separate they will fall apart. Thank you so much!!!!

These are exactly if not better than a restaurant!
Excellent & delicious

Turned out great, easy to make

I had so much fun making these, especially rolling  up the rice paper wrappers! And they were so delish. I'll definitely be making these again very soon. Thank you for the recipe. :-)

I added 1/2 a teaspoon of ginger to make it better fit our tastes but all in all it is soooo good!

Made some adjustments as I don’t eat seafood. Used Italian ground sausage and didn’t use mushrooms. Turned out delicious!! Will make again!!

