I personally think that these sandwiches have got to be some of my favourite.  However, I got spoiled years a go by a local Vietnamese family restaurant.  I would like to offer a few additions to this basic recipe.  That is, try adding some sliced jalapeno chilies if you like some spiciness.  The local shop also sprinkled some Maggi seasoning sauce.  One thing that has been left off of this recipe that I have never seen NOT included is shredded marinated carrots.  Finally, consider marinating the pork and charbroiling it.  You also might consider pulling out some of the bread inside each sliced half.  I know this sounds a bit wasteful, but it will make it much easier to manage and hold all these ingredients/fillings.

A sandwich with fresh ingredients like this is always good, but this isn't terribly authentic. Missing the pate and fresh jalapeno pepper slices. Also, pickled carrots and onion are usually found in these types of sandwiches.

Made the parts of this a few days in advance. Grilled pork with a standard grill seasoning (McCormick) and sliced thinly. Mixed mayo and garlic to create an aioli.Used gochujang for the hot saucePickled shaved carrots and thin sliced onions with 3/4 cup water, 3/4 cup apple cider vinegar, 1/2 t sea salt, 1 T sugar. Heated in microwave for 3 minutes.  Will slice cukes and prepare cilantro when making the sammies, plus hollow out some of the bread to hold the ingredients better and sprinkle lime juice as directed. Refrigerated until needed

Great tasting recipe and easy to make!

Delish as written, yummy! Thank You!

Did not make any changes and it was yummy!

These are delicious!

*I've made this twice now.  This is what I did the second time...I mixed all of the seasonings the lime juice, and added a little fish sauce, a little light soy sauce and a touch of hoisin sauce in with the mayo and slathered this on the bun.  I also pickled my red onions in some rice wine vinegar.  

Next time, I'm going to use thinly sliced strips of pork and make it as above.

Love this sandwich

Great recipe. I subbed zucchini for the cucumbers because it's what I had and also topped it off with spicy mayo and siracha. A great recipe! In addition, I added carrots because that's what I'm used to eating in typical Banh Mi sandwiches. For the sauce, I also tossed it with honey + siracha and the lemon juice.

OK. This is how I did it. Used a French baguette, cut off the ends and sliced it in half. On one half, I hollowed it out, and spread liverwurst on it. Then I put a long sliced cucumber on it, topped with thinly sliced pork roast, pickled shredded carrots, cilantro, and thinly sliced jalapeño peppers. I chose not to use the chili paste with garlic, but if you like it a little hotter, go ahead and use it. This is close to how the banh mi shop in my neighborhood makes 'em.

tasted amazing. whole family loved them.

