Really great! I couldn't get any thai chiles, so I substituted red pepper flakes (to taste) and I thought that worked really well.  The cilantro is what gives this recipe something special.  I also threw in some watermelon radishes and purple carrots.

As a recipe, I found that it fails miserably.  1 Daikon Radish - Really?  They weigh in at 7-10 pounds and would fill a gallon jar.  Even the small 6 inch X 3 in diameter piece I used filled a quart jar, it took 2 cups of pickling syrup to cover them.  

For something that big, a weight or practical way to measure it is needed.  The size of jar would be a good thing to add as well, that would help cooks to know what to expect.

I made the recipe, it should turn out fine, as its pretty standard.  I boiled the syrup to kill any bacteria, just heating it will shorten its shelf life.

I didn't bother to heat the sugar and vinegar and just combined everything and allowed to pickle over a week. I also used rice wine vinegar instead of distilled white. Very crunchy and flavorful and delicious on banh mi sandwiches.

I used half seasoned rice vinegar and half water, no sugar, peppercorns, and a clove of garlic on top of the veggies in each jar. The garlic turned blue, which evidently is ok. Next time I will strain the peppercorns before pouring the liquid over, it is a pain to get out when eating.

All recipes are pretty much just guidelines to me and I thought this recipe was an excellent starting point.  I used 4 large Daikon, carrots until there was about a 50:50 ratio between carrots and radish.  Then I added cilantro and red onion.  I just mixed into a large bowl until I felt I had enough for flavoring -- perhaps 1/2 bunch of cilantro, 2/3rds of red onion. Used  apple cider vinegar as I didn't have any white vinegar and I used the whole bottle with 1/2 cup sugar as I didn't want a lot of sugar and didn't have any idea how much liquid it would take to cover the veggies...  I didn't have any thai peppers so I just used crushed red pepper (a few shakes).  This made 2 large quart mason jars and was it a huge hit!  We were eating it as a side dish, putting it on salads, sandwiches, lettuce wraps, tacos, cooked cabbage even!  It disappeared way too quickly ... I will make again, it's a keeper.

Loved it, perfect balance of sweet & tangy.

Delicious!!! But much better made with rice vinegar and a teaspoon of garlic chilie paste from the asian food section of the grocers...

This is delicious atop a banh mi sandwich. I double the liquid mixture for 1 medium sized daikon radish + 1 large carrot. And instead of a chili I add a very thinly sliced fresh jalapeño.

its a tasty recipe with few ingredients.  The problem I see is that there is not enough liquid to cover the radish and carrot juliennes.  Double the liquid for approximately 3 cups of daikon and 1 cup of carrot.  I used purple and orange carrot.  Save time and spiralize the veggies and use a scissors to cut them about two inches long as they come out of the  spiralizer

I worried about all the sugar, thinking it might taste  too sweet,  nope,  the sugar amount is correct.  I did another jar with only half the sugar.  Too tart.

As a recipe, I found that it fails miserably.  1 Daikon Radish - Really?  They weigh in at 7-10 pounds and would fill a gallon jar.  Even the small 6 inch X 3 in diameter piece I used filled a quart jar, it took 2 cups of pickling syrup to cover them.  

For something that big, a weight or practical way to measure it is needed.  The size of jar would be a good thing to add as well, that would help cooks to know what to expect.

I made the recipe, it should turn out fine, as its pretty standard.  I boiled the syrup to kill any bacteria, just heating it will shorten its shelf life.

