I used this recipe as my inspiration & only made the marinade, adding 1/4 tsp. kosher salt. I'd had pork to use from a slow smoked butt roast which was moist & wonderfully seasoned so I think any good flavored pork or chicken might work just as well. I let the veggies marinate 1 hour & they were great - lots of flavor but still fresh & crunchy! I lightly toasted just the crusts of my bagette, & I used all the veg & garnish suggested but added a dash of soy sauce over all because the mayo just didn't do enough, so I'll hafta figure that out next. But try it - it's a great sandwich!

This recipe is a nice base for Banh Mi and those who are not familiar with Vietnamese subs/food. Adding additional ingredients could make this a much better a more solid Banh Mi. One key ingredient that was not mentioned here is the soy sauce which is typically added atop the mayo and for those feeling a bit more adventurous, duck/chicken pate. As far as meat goes, the most popular/common filling is the cha siu (xa xiu) pork which is a sweet BBQ pork that is grilled/fried (my personal favorite as it goes well with the pickled veggies). Chicken can be used as well, Vietnamese  cold cuts, pork meatballs or even firm fried tofu for a vegetarian option.

It was easy. And that’s good, because I’m old.

We used chicken thighs instead of breast, and it turned out even better than we expected!

I do not eat onion or cilantro so I eliminate these but I love these sandwiches.

The only change I made was pickling the cucumber along with the carrots and onions. Next time I'll peel the cucumbers. Those are the only reasons why I couldn't give it a perfect 5. Otherwise, this was a huge hit with the whole family. even those who don't like cucumber and carrots.

Missing Maggi sauce on the bun. This is a key ingredient

😋 yum

I have made this sandwich many times since finding this recipe just a few months ago. It's delicious! I use thighs, though, and also I add a little hoisin sauce to the mayo. Wonderful! Incidentally, I am making it again tomorrow. Thank you for sharing! 🥰

Sub'd in shredded pork and marinated it in Korean BBQ sauce beforehand.  Wonderful recipe, really easy to make and pretty flexible with the protein you use! I may try this with some seasoned Tofu next time.

I love this recipe, and have made it several times, adjusting the seasoning/ ingredients it to whoever I’m dining with . It’s just a nice yummy sandwich, don’t over think it ,it’ll be satisfying all the same. 

Thank you for including a very easy chicken method too, I love that it is easy clean up as well. If you can prep the veggies and the marinade ahead of time, it makes it even faster when your want a quick meal! I always regret not buying more bollilo/ hoagie rolls at the store, I can keep eating these if my belly allowed me!

